[Daily Discussion] Sunday, April 29, 2018 -- TITLE
#New post: [\[Daily Discussion\] Monday, April 30, 2018 →](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8fwtzb/daily_discussion_monday_april_30_2018/)
the low amount of comments here tells me a move is coming soon. this is like the bollinger bands of social media
Seems like good RR right now to open a long just above 9200 with a tight SL just below 9100, no?

Already long with 9100 SL and already added at 9200.  Just wondering if there's an obvious counter argument to opening positions here, as previous discussion might say that this is the moment. Still too early to be convinced support is holding?
New wedge: https://imgur.com/a/0Lfguix

Daily and weekly close @9400 do not help the bear case imo. 9600 still stands as weekly resistance though. The lower timeframe (15) volume looks like the price around 9250 is being supported by bids and the price over 9400 is be resisted with asks. As I type this out, it looks like we are pulling back to the wedge support (would be bearish if we go back to the support line without getting close to the resistance). I'll probably be bull biased on this formation if we make it all the way to the top of the wedge for a 3rd touch of the resistance line.. Still holding my short for now and may add more on a break down.
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
Ascending triangle on the 15 minute chart: https://imgur.com/a/1OeZMPe

Are we potentially looking at the next push up? 

Edit: NOPE!


im honestly in disbelief that people are still actively trading this thing after that darth maul and spoofy call (hey it rhymes)

good luck everybody hope we all make money

so in this boring market, how about some related talk. 

Anyone basically shifted away from the tech behind blockchains and just pivoting towards all kinds of markets instead? A few years ago i did the coursera blockchain course and the one at the university in Cyprus , listened to different podcasts and so on from some "famous" devs.

But now I only read trading books and watch documentaries, reading charts and behavioural finance and try  different kind of hedging strategies instead. Then you start seeing that all markets is basically the same, people have the same thougths about whales, manipulation and "X should happen".

Interesting how things can turn. It's like trying to solve the biggest puzzle in the world where the rules change all the time and you can not win, only avoid to lose.

Still holding the core belief that cryptos is a nice threat to the Fractional Reserve Banking system but overall just learning about trading, markets and financial instruments is so much more fun.
What personally is making me bullish here is that the rise over the last day was accomplished by spot buying and not by (leveraged) longs. So this, at least in theory, should be money that stays inside of the system for a longer time, while i can imagine that longs opened in this range (9.2-9.4k) are only aiming for the potential double top target aka 9.7k~.
Alts are eager to pump , it must be bullish?
My national currency is getting fucked but I'm loving it since I'm in crypto

Ok, so I haven’t really been trading lately because I find it too tedious right now. Scalping is deff possible, but you need to check the price every 10mins to not miss or be caught in a 1hour bart.

Overall though, we are deff in the narrative of higher lows, which is good.

I feel like the spike from 9400 to 9750 this last week was largely due to altcoin traders cashing out into BTC, then fiat, so I wouldn’t consider that price an organic high. Hence, the battle for 9500 still rages on. I anticipate that the current slump at 9275 is going to bart up like it did yesterday and sputter out at 9450 like always.

Currently we are establishing 9200 as short-term resistance turned support, which to me means that any dump that falls short of breaking 9200 will likely experience a strong reversal “bart”-like candle within 6-12 hours. This is based solely on the fact that it has happened in the past.

Therefore, I think I will start trading this rane again. Long anything close to 9200, short anything close to 9450 and bail any losing position I have in the <9200 or >9500 range. I won’t be using stops, because we can easily wick to 9500+ or 9200-. Instead Ill have alarms set up in those ranges and actual stop losses in the 9100 and 9600 areas respectivey
If you look at the 1m chart on BFX, it looks like BTC is dead.
At what point is an ascending wedge considered invalid/not bearish?
[My *incredibly basic* trading matrix for the coming 2 weeks.  Enjoy.](https://www.tradingview.com/x/FBABgiKb/)
Daily closed spinning top so no real help there... basically just tells us what we already knew... poopoo could go either way
Macd and rsi cools off again on 1hr chart.  My target guess is 9.1 to test that area.  Is it going to touch 200ma again to test that area?
On my gdax chart, we exactly kissed the descending trend line from 9800 at 9445. https://www.tradingview.com/x/gk3leX2k/
Fast momentum line has just tipped down on the 12h: https://www.tradingview.com/x/GDHhNX5Z

Despite the lagging span bounce off the shoulder, the bullish TK crossover has yet to appear on the 6h: https://www.tradingview.com/x/VyM3EIGN 


Weak bearish lagging span cross, kumo switch and neutral bearish TK cross on the 4h: https://www.tradingview.com/x/6dZHCsVl/

Edit: words
If we don't make it above 9360 in the next hour or so I'll probably try for a short scalp targeting  somewhere between 9050/9150.

Bleeding upwards on decreasing volume with quite a few wicks to the upside on the 1h. Doesn't feel like a very confident move upwards, think we need a  more solid low before we can rally again.

**Edit** to not clog thread:

Looks like i underestimated buying pressure above 9200. Pretty glad i missed my entry in retrospect, since the bounce from the quick drop to 9230 was pretty strong and probably wouldn't have gotten out that quickly. Now looking at the  recent price action here as an ascending triangle is starting to look decently convincing to me: https://www.tradingview.com/x/oaDXrdeN/
Geez it’s quiet here today ;)

This looks like Wyckoff re-accumulation to me. I think we will see continued chop here around 8.7-9.4 for a few more days.

Although volume is low, buying seems stronger than selling in this range. I’m still holding onto my long from 8.8k and I’m ready to add to it down to 8.6k.
Nice to see a real build of inertia, not a 1m spike.

Edit: oh nm actually.  But it wasn't *initiated* by a 1m spike.
If this breaks upwards I'm gonna be amazed at how well the whales were at shaking people out of positions
I'm not really experienced in Wyckoff patterns, but at the 4H chart something like that seems almost too obvious:

* 6400-7500 accumulation
* 7800-8400 reaccumulation
* 8700-9700 distribution

Is there someone more knowledgeable than me who can confirm (or refute) this?
I closed my short-term (30 days) alt long yesterday at strength (the alt is eos if that matters). I think the market is close to saturation at this point. There are two scenarios: The market resumes bear market, or the market take a breathing before continuing. Obviously, there is a third one where the market carry on rallying but I'm not expecting that.

Here is hoping for a breather scenario where I'll be able to re-long the market for a short-term trade!
And then a wild BRD showed up saying "Are you not entertained!!" 

**Shorted** 9350 anticipating a breakdown from our ascending wedge.
This feels like intentional price suppression,. 20 minutes of low volume, but not non existent, were the price has not even moved. '

Edit : Turns out screaming mentally at the chart MOOOOOVE works sometimes. 


I sold my trading stack positions. I think BTC is clearly being suppressed by 9425 resistance:
https://www.tradingview.com/x/3cZ3qrtT/
It seems like the alt party is nearing to an end, ready for a correction again..
10x long right here (9460)










^^^^rekt
Daily funding rate :

April 29th: 

12 am:  **0.0801\%** 

8 am:  **0.1323\%**

4pm:  **0.1708\%** 

This shows extent of leveraged long on mex.

Next funding rate shows rate drop.
Right now I'm waiting to see how a possible double top at 9700 plays out. I'm seeing 3 possible moves:

1. Double top at $9700, then down to log downtrend line $8200 over a few days.
2. Double top at $9700, dip to $9400, back up to from cup and handle and off to 10k in the sunset.
3. Blast through $9700 to 10k and beyond.

I'm leaning toward no. 2 because of feelings at the moment but don't have the conviction to trade on it.
If you're looking for a long entry at around $7.7K (+/- ~$200) like I'm wishing for, this is the scenario I'm hoping will play out to get us there:

https://imgur.com/a/oeScZXv

Reasons I'm hopeful about this count/scenario:

1. Wave 5 put in a near perfect 1:1 extension of wave 3 going up
2. B wave of ABC put in a perfect 0.786 fib retrace of A wave
3. Lots of nice fib, trendline and S/R confluence around C wave target box
4. New sloping log trendline from Dec ATH has yet to be broken

Easy to invalidate too: if BTC gets much above $9.5K before going lower than $8.6K then scenario is invalid i.e. will mean my count is wrong and this correction from ~$9.8K was actually Wave 4 and there's a fifth wave up to come (logical target: north of $10.3K I guess).

Edit 1: it's also possible that above count is correct but market is too bullish to let C wave get all the way to the confluence zone. In that case, long target entry would be somewhere around $8.3K

Edit 2: as has often been the case during the last couple of months, I'm expecting some FUD, bullish news or BGD/BRD next week to kick the market in to action (either up or down) and get this resolved.

Edit 3: another reason I like this scenario: on the daily chart (zoomed out) we put in a higher low on 1st April and a lower high on 25th April. We now need another higher low to confirm trend reversal from the bear market that started in Dec/Jan. It feels _right_ that such a higher low will occur once again at or close to the lower sloping trend line that gave us the higher low on 1st April. It amuses me that a 0.618 fib retrace of the move up from 6th April (where the 5 wave count begins) would yield this on a time frame that makes sense.
 Longs decreasing, shorts increasing and price is going up... this might be the fuel we need to make an attempt at 10k.
Premiums are finally back on MEX futures. $50 and $100.

Though they were present and sometimes greater during each DCB. Don't start wanking just yet.
Jesus christ... I initially sold all my positions. Then I saw the blue trend line acting as support, so I bought more at 9400's. Getting rekt...
https://www.tradingview.com/x/7IUn6Zy9/
I'm bullish on the trend, but don't want to get in at current price.  Going to try and snipe a dip.  Long orders set at 9100 and 9000.  Don't know if it will happen, but we'll see.

I see strong resistance at 8800~ based on [cloud](https://www.tradingview.com/x/jrrSeUXQ/).
Thank god we didn't see another sudden surge in buy volume -> plateau today.

Let's get volatile.
Top 100 companies with SEC filings with "bitcoin" from January 2015 - April 2018.

https://pastebin.com/bYTytreh
Geez, I woke up, checked my phone, saw it was at 9200, put on some coffee and now it's at 9300? Guess I missed my long entry...
Looks like a [komu cross](https://www.tradingview.com/x/7KiNvGzY/) just happened on the 4hr, first 4hr bullish cloud sign for the last few days.  Going to take a shot and grab a long here.  Seeing support at the top of cloud around 9200, stronger support at 8800.  I might get burned, but only way to learn is to take chance.

Long at 9381 with another long limit set to try and snipe a lower buy in at 9200 to match the green cloud support.  We'll see.

Edit:  I'm just learning ichimoku, so i'm interested to hear what others think who also use this method.
[removed]
Bears can't wait for 10k to dump? Dumping now makes no sense 
How is Mike?
Bbands looking like getting ready for a pump.
Okay you know what. I'll enter here (spot buy) and I'll see what happens when we reach 9700. I have some resistance there (also possibility of double top is making me think 9700 would be a good short entry). And I'll keep it open overnight as I sleep even though I know it's probably a bad idea.



Edit: rekt but whatever I’ll hold it
[removed]
Confident enough to say that is todays dip until we retry the high. 

Buckle up.
The whales have been unloading their coins step by step without most of us noticing (hidden ~~buy~~ sell walls).

At $9,420, $9,500, $9,509, and as I write,$9,390.

Be cautious going long here. All the best to all. :)

Edit: Guys did I triggered some bad feelings? Whats with the downvotes? I do not see any personal benefit in keeping you guys well informed.
Damn we are so close to 9.5k
Rip bitfinex USD interest rates. Just as I withdrew from bitmex to grab those sweet 0.3-0.4% rates. Guess I wasn't the only one with this idea :(
Question: some time ago Bitcoin had the 'cross of death', a financial sign of doom. Has this changed? Was it averted? Why and what does that say about Bitcoin?
[Pitchfork time! With extra 1.25 redsauce.](https://www.tradingview.com/x/7o51gx7H/) Yellow line is rising "support" from old wedge. Coming up on a "make it or break it" moment soonish with momentum possibly pushing down.

Edit: My position is 4x long from 9200 with current (manual) stops at 9300, exit staggered 9650-9800 with more than 50% above 9750.
Anyone looking at this ascending triangle on 4h? https://www.tradingview.com/x/b97nfsh6

Also similar for the total mcap https://imgur.com/a/IkAewRs

I have seen a total different way of organic buying the last 2 weeks, which the lack of Barts also shows imo
Just finished the Bitfinex verification procedure. I was surprised that they actually ask for a lot more information than Kraken, Bitstamp, GDAX, and Binance (these are the ones I have done so far).

Binance verification was the fastest of those, within 24h. Let's see how long Bitfinex will take.

I have traded on Bfx for a while, but I would like to also be able to send USDT among exchanges (for which verification is required), and maybe even directly deposit fiat one day – I still hope they will ultimately come up with a SEPA gateway for EUR.
Any updates on the bitfinex USD funding situation?
[removed]
Can't Tether just print Finex some more USDT?   Why are the lending rates such a huge concern?
If anything concerns me it's if this was a lower high (9500) and if it means the first attempt at 9800 was the last for a while.
Retested 8700 top of downtrend line, either back to 9800 for double top or revisit 12K
I don't trade, only trying to learn. Thoughts on a potential ABC corrective wave? 
Any advice would be welcomed. 
For example, where would the C wave end?
https://www.tradingview.com/x/9k6QcSe0
I think it's plainly obvious that the scaling problem is not going away.

Think about this. There are a few schools of thought when it comes to scaling.

One idea is to stack additional layers of tuna vertically within a 6in sub roll. By limiting the length of the sub, virtually any person to handle the sandwich, including small children. Most subway executives favor this solution because it is highly efficient and additional *layers* of cheese can be constructed for support.


Another idea is *on-bread* scaling, which basically involves creating very long pieces of bread and distributing the tuna very inefficiently across the entire piece of bread. While this may seem reasonable and it is true that this is how Satoshi used to make his sandwiches, it's clear that these sandwiches will eventually not be able to fit inside ordinary cars and bringing the food home to eat will be virtually impossible.

Yet another idea are *smart-wraps*, which enclose the tuna within a cylindrical tortilla. Most people think this has no real world use case and these wraps leak tuna often. It's also the case that a wrap once fell apart and a new wrap was made in its place. The old wrap was still eventually eaten but it was discounted to other customers.

Finally, the true anarchists and reformists tend to mix the tuna, mayonnaise and *croutons* in a bowl and consume with a *hard fork*. This, of course, breaks consensus on what a tuna sub actually is and therefore is regarded as a bad idea.

edit: lol, alt shills that I've offended in that past are vote brigading me. Apparently with no sense of humor.
500 btc sold in 1 min on BFX, market barely moved 20$. How to interpret that ?
Was in short position 9360 (Kraken price). Did not take small profits last night and my stop losses triggered by 15$, bitcoin checker did not alarm me (I don't know what to use on mobile anymore, nothing is reliable). Now if I want to enter again in the short position it would be worse entry then yesterday. I really hate this, maybe I failed with my calculations but I expected if BTC breaks 9500 it would not drop again on the same level. What is your advice, I want to enter into positions for the longer period of time and someone told me that would be good to do on Bitmex, but after Kraken, Bitmex looks like Science Fiction to me with all that options. I am really pissed, I missed the drop from 9750 by 10$, and now my stop losses triggered by 15$, feel like I am wasting my fiat for nothing.


Edited: spelling
Does anyone still have the link to the statistics showing which the percentage of green/red close per week days? Thanks!
[removed]
[removed]
Looks like a bit of a small time frame break down is happening now. I'll add more to my short if we recover and get close to the highs again or if we start closing higher timeframe candles below ~9250-9300: https://imgur.com/a/jbSRIFl.
Bears are soo desperate to suppress the price its almost embarrasing. Sad to see them cling so desperately to their shorts. Reminicent of hodlers holding on when btc was 20k and dropping. Dont play in teams but play the market and follow the trends. We are out of the bear market and now we are in suppressed phase before inevitable bullish breakthrough
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Damn this comment section is even more tragic than it generally is. Keep buying the dips boys, it will recover.... i hope
[removed]
Daily Bitcoin Update (4/29/18) + Technical Analysis

https://youtu.be/hC9Tm44_meI
ive just made 50% profit on my bitshares stack . Alt coins profits will soon start flowing into bitcoin, no doubt. 
It's almost too quiet™
It's Sunday
I have the same feeling... The quiet before the storm 
And by the amount of your posts in this thread I'm assuming L14dy hacked your account
Amount of upvotes on your comment tells me people are getting bored and someone will do something "stupid" soon.
And yet we're at 4k viewers. IIRC we averaged just over 1k for most of Q1 this year, so interest is slowly returning.
yes, did the sae
Which indicators are you using
The last one was a great signal. There was a great bearish div last night (1hr timescale) which seemed to be ignored, I think this recent dip could be the bears entering on that but the fact that bullish signs are appearing seems to point towards bear exhaustion.  I'm quite apprehensive to enter a position but am definitely watching this latest bull div.
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
I hope so. I'm long at 9170 currently. 
I'm also pretty new to TA, does an ascending triangle formation = a higher chance of a breakout up? or could it be bearish 50/50? 

If no one traded after a bit of dishonesty, no one would ever trade 
Yeah I just have my long term holding stack right now, I'm not touching this right now. Also I don't exactly know how the whole lending thing works but from what I hear, it sounds really bad and might cause us to go down, but again I don't know for sure, it's only what I've heard.
I'm surprised no one even took as much as a step back to ask themselves if they should be trading in a rigged market after seeing the Darth Maul candle. But no, just minutes after trading resumed as usual as if nothing ever happened. 
I feel kind of bad about it, but have to agree. Obsessing about the tech behind the coins would not be too dissimilar from my day job and therefore not too inspiring in its own right.

In my years of investing in ETFs I never really learned anything about financial markets (just buy and hold).

So when I got into bitcoin last June (very late compared to many around here) it was a true revelation, and especially to see TA at work so very clearly and to learn about it has been a lot of fun for me.

Despite the wounds from the January-March market which are still fresh, I am again in the green now and have learned a lot from my mistakes – at least I hope so, we'll see.

Also, so much looking forward to the years ahead. I am firmly convinced this is a unique time window for us to use and enjoy.
Just wait 'till you research into algo trading and enroll in Python classes...
You just inspired me to stick on Aronofsky's Pi.
The shift actually shows that bitcoin/crypto is getting closer to the goal of being the layer 0 of money. About the tech things: after the years I understand something. I am too stupid to understand the new things in detail, but that is not necessary for crypto as monetary base.

The trading however absolutely does not touch me. It is gambling either for the bored hodlers or for late-comers. It was inevitable that it comes, along with gambling on stock markets, forex, online casinos etc.

> you can not win, only avoid to lose

This is maybe too harsh. Every hodler wins so far and it will be in future as well. Maybe some altcoiners win more, but that is also gambling on steroids and mostly only for small fries. But as I said, people gamble because even this rapid appreciation is not enough for them. I still work on my online projects, which, even when they go very good, are nothing compared to crypto (just managing forks properly would bring me more money than my companies).

I take this as an interesting experiment of deflation and spending habits.
> the rise over the last day was accomplished by spot buying and not by (leveraged) longs.

To add to your understanding, the rise was mostly forced by placing huge buy walls at different prime trading times. Take yesterday's closing for instance.

The whale pushed the price up to $9,400 and placed a huge buy wall at $9,400, traders who wanted to buy FOMOed in. 

I saw some bears as well falling prey to the trap.


Care to say which one it is?
Where you’re from if it’s okay to ask?
For now i'll only long if the line from 8600's hold, its around 9130 now but will be around 9200 later today so 9200 is not so bad of an entry.
This is quite true. I understand that stop losses are crucial but don't you think that the very nature of bitcoin makes it a double edged sword? I've been force liquidated at bitfinex several times, only for the price to  reverse heavily, and had I not been liquidated, I would've made significant profits. 
Thank you L14dy! I really appreciate your sharing
Sounds like a solid plan. Good luck. My first long entry hit at 9300 (sept futures). Let's see if this thing wants to bart up again.
I've been thinking the same about these ranges and how to manage them.  Have had SL at about 9100 for a couple days now. I'll add to the position if we stabilize here at 9200ish. 

Edit: added at 9230. 
Hidden orders abound today.
Definitively, when the price breaks through the highest point of the wedge.

When we start breaking out of every ascending wedge is when the bull run is back on, lol.

BTC bull mode uses ascending wedges as launch pads 
wait so all we gotta do is buy the dip and sell the top?  wtf
I shoulda done this the whole time.

What are globlins? 

But at the core of it, this is basically on point 
The only chart we need.
+1 for muthaflippin
There was a pretty quick bounce back at 9200 this morning. I'll be setting mine at 9180
This has always been true.
what makes you think that 8700-9700 isn't reaccumulation also?
Alts just finished taking a beating for the most part. I do not expect them to retrace. If anything most are recovering. They of course react to Bitcoin. But I'm bullish from 8.6 to 11.7 so my alts will be held. With that said EOS just blew up, so I understand that alt taking a breather. 
I'm anticipating a breather, but further significant growth will depend on news, particularly with regard to regulation. 
FINALLY caught one and successfully bought a dip.
Yea look at alts , someone just doesn't want BTC to move up , maybe because he's short lol
Lol or maybe the rising wedge breakdown I was telling you about yesterday played out? 
Hmm, I think it's time for a downward correction to 9300's. Just my 2c

https://www.tradingview.com/x/3s8yYCPC/
What can we gather from this?
It's not a double top if we only dip to 9400...
2) I am expecting a healthy setback to 8000-8500 too. I thought it happens from this friday over weekend. But not yet happened. 
Ughh... I'm sorry, but I really don't agree with how you've rendered your chart... you've redrawn the log line we broke a little over a week ago *over* the entire breakout.  Why??

You're then using basic EW, retracement metrics to paint a hopeful bear scenario and pegging it to the lower support line.  Why, again?  

We may very well move down further, but you have to be willing to honor the log line from ATH.  $7.7k would have us breaking *below* the log line in the immediacy .. if this happens, we'll likely see sub $6k so you can gladly move your bear targets down further.

Look at a primitive chart of BTC and examine all of the bubbles... none of them retraced below the log breakout with the exception of 2014
literally anyone that posts a bearish opinion is downvoted in this discussion; this is a form of confirmation bias. 

If all heterodox opinions are downvoted we're at risk of deluding ourselves.
The 1.236 also aligns with the 0.5 so you might want to consider a TP there as well. Agree with the rest.

Chart -> https://www.tradingview.com/x/7uzbQ121/
i don’t think shorts opened here will be fuel
Swaps funding rates are also on the move.
>Jesus christ... I initially sold all my positions. Then I saw the blue trend line acting as support, so I bought more at 9400's. Getting rekt...
>https://www.tradingview.com/x/7IUn6Zy9/

Sounds like you're down 2%? Rekt how? 
That line couldn't keep that pace for long, it had to break. The play there was waiting for it to break and check if it starts acting as resistance to short it.
If you want to long wait to see if 9100-9150 holds and enter there.
Yes! I hate movement like that.
>11 Jenny's Fuck Farm

Dude?
[sweet dreams...](https://imgur.com/BQCxAK5)
How about now?
Can't say i know anything about ichimoku, but from what i've heard you might wanna switch to different settings for crypto since its a 24h market unlike the markets the stock settings are made for.
I dont use much ichi but I think, but looking at the standard 4hr cloud it looks like the lines crossed down and then up, so that is a choppy market and the cloud is thinning out, but it did bounce off the cloud at 9200. Also, the daily cloud has a clear kumo breakout a few days ago and is finding support along the tenkan sen which is currently at 9200, with top of the cloud being 9100. I can see a nice ichi bull case, just not sure about the specific 4 hr set up you are playing.
ooouch
I appreciate your warning, I opened a short off it.
Alts + btc dropping. You want a cookie?
This is/was more-or-less true, so why is it being downvoted? Is it because everytime alts start faltering this place experiences an influx of shills who vote down anything that doesn't fit their narrative? 
Not so much BTC but a load of others were overbought yesterday. A correction today shouldn't surprise anyone.
>Bears can't wait for 10k to dump? Dumping now makes no sense 

Ssshhh!! You'll jinx it. 
why not? buy back at 2-3k

Open up the weekly chart and it's easy to see. 9500-9600 is the resistance.
[deleted]
Dude is chilling at a nice beach, i think he is pretty fine. 
not good i would think

I guess if he moved his stops to 9500 he'd be ok today. There may be a dip / dive / fall from grace today.

Edit: here it is.
whos mike? link?
I'm not sure why compressing BBands dictates a pump. Volatility, sure, but not direction. Now, there's easily 3% of space above us in our channel. A 3% dump would break our channel, which would make me a sad panda 
Or dump
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
Which time frame are you looking at?

[removed]
I want to believe. 
gonna get a nice dip down to 2-3k great buying opportunity
I am still curious, what makes you think that whales are unloading and not accumulating? How can you claim to know that? I would be very careful in stating such things and basing your trades on this. 
Wouldn't a buy wall mean buying not selling?
I saw same patterns on market books. 
When are you classified as a whale? Is it only about #BTC in your wallet, and what is the magic number? What about institutional brokers with billions USD to invest... they could move the market buying loads of BTC right?
That means nothing. The rate going shortly to 0.3 is meaningless, you can't get these rates even if you get them. The borrowers will simply recredit as the rate drop.
Got as high as .76 daily
Thanks for the heads up, was in a 0.34% per day (wtf). Guess I got to start checking that now.
Why not just invest in a Ponzi scheme if you want that kind of return?
lol yeah i saw that too. pretty sweet to make 100% APR.  Guess some traders think they can beat a double up yearly
The cross of death is a lagging indicator. All the stuff that caused it already happened. Now it's just moonbeams and lollipops until 2020, honest.
[removed]
That looks nothing like a pitchfork.
Err. Your first link is not an ascending triangle. It requires a horizontal resistance that has been tested multiple times.
really it just looks like a straight uptrend
Mcap one is interesting. But as far as I know the BTC one needs more than one point connecting on the top to be worth considering. 

Edit, maybe on a higher timeframe you can turn the 9700 mountain into a wick, and lower the top line to follow more closely?  (On mobile now...)
I'm seeing a descending wedge on the 1h
 [chart](https://imgur.com/a/0Nf7YZx)
Now it's a small 6 month wait 
Aren't they setting up shop in Malta? Or was that another exchange. Should be good for SEPA if they do.
Been waiting three months already, they have also been ignoring my emails
BFX have a 12 week wait now
They ask for so much information because the more stuff they get, the more money they get when they sell your info to identify theives. 
USD\*

Rates are really high again, 0.3&#37;, but at least there's some liquidity up till 0.4&#37;.  [https://i.imgur.com/FHw2TBN.png](https://i.imgur.com/FHw2TBN.png)
>Any updates on the bitfinex USD funding situation?

https://www.bfxdata.com/swapstats/usd

Still plenty being moved under 0.2
It's all gone, insolvency confirmed.

/s


Its has nothing to do with Tether. Bitfinex uses Peer to Peer leading, so unless some counter party is willing to lead the USD to others the funding the rates will remain high as the supply is limited.
So I could be totally wrong here because some of the tether intricacies  still allude me, but I believe they only ever print tether in batches, and when they have the means to do so. It's possible that they may not currently have the USD backing to print more tether at this time?? Or there are not enough people entering the exchange  with true USD (as opposed to other tether or BTC) to validate the printing of more tether? They can't print tether off of BTC deposits/backing if I understand it correctly, because tether can't be backed by BTC only USD. Or they need to wait some kind of arbitrary time before printing more?

If someone with more knowledge could chime in on this it would be much appreciated! 
they can print more tether and lend it to themselves at 0% and buy buy buy.  Seems like in these exchange post-mortems there's always some account or bot that mysteriously ignores connectivity issues and downtime.



I think the first attempt at 9800 was due to altcoins cashing out, I wouldnt consider it relevant until we make a lower low
Or about 10 other possibilities...or is it 100?
Is a possible scenario I am monitoring at the moment, the internal wave structure suggests other things however I suspect something slightly different but the outcome is the same.

In your case you take a fib extensions (1,1.236,1.618) of the wave A from the end of the B wave. To give targets of 8450,8190 and 7760 respectively. [Like this](https://www.tradingview.com/x/efAoGybk/) I've made your extension in pink and bold to stand out. Ignore the rest of the stuff on my chart, cba to clear it.
/r/shittyfoodporn 
[removed]
[deleted]
500 btc isn't much. But it could be an indicator that further heat will come off the charts today.
Wanna identify something even more spicy? Go to the following candle at BitFinex and let us know what you see.

**2018-04-28 20:34:00 UTC**
usually a whale buying into a dump its typically good news.  But 500 btc isnt really a whale.
Large investors like to accumulate sell-offs intead of chasing it up, because of slippage.
I typically wait for a large red candle to all-in, hoping for a big investor to carry me up with him.
Most don't. if that investor isnt there then it turns into the 'catching  a falling knife' problem.




You can try the bitmex testnet. It lets you try out everything with i think 0.1btc, would highly recommend it before commiting there. Otherwise, it's great except when shit gets serious, so you always need to plan ahead.
It's the strength of the push that matters more. No one could really have predicted this but it really didn't look like a particularly strong push. honestly though it looks like it might get absorbed really well 
about the app, I use bitfinex app for alarm, it works most of the time.
Read about the bitmex fees, in perpetual, you will pay (or get paid) every 8h, better to use futures for longer periods of time. And as they only accept bitcoin, you are always longing there.
As basic as this comment is.... my read is definitely bullish for similar reasons.

Sub 10k will probably be seen as a good entry point within a week.
[removed]
VR Porn that connects with your nerve System. Invest now.
Well weed stocks are something that are currently burgeoning.

Also might be a good time to get a headstart on stocks for companies doing AI.
Apart from weed stocks, keep an eye in the FPGA market. It's applications to machine learning are becoming something closer to reality . Microsemi, Lattice and QuickLogic specialize in low power vs of these chips. 

But that its just my two cents. 
[removed]
What am I looking at on your chart and why is it a breakdown?
Someone's used to talking in a bullish echo chamber...
Or maybe many outsiders think bitcoin is overvalued and the reason the suppression has been rather successful is that these outsiders aren’t pouring money in at these prices. But who knows? It’s all speculative. There’s no talking in absolutes with this market.

[deleted]
What do you mean?
[removed]
Source?
not sure about that, we'll see
Longs piling up now and short funding is getting higher meaning we might be looking at another shortsqueeze
As in BTC surge then drop or just the surge?
Day of the week doesn’t really affect commenting. It’s definitely correlated with volatility.

Trust no matter what time it is if you just made or lost 50k you know lol.
i am longing from 9350, stops below 8900.  seems like an ascending triangle both in mcap and btcusd is happening  https://imgur.com/a/IkAewRs
Hangover Sunday :d
yeah that's like one main factor of crypto markets... people are bored and have too much money :D
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
An ascending triangle as he has drawn is typically bullish.

Bullish. And if the price breaks above the horizontal line it's supposed to be a buy signal.

Disclaimer: I have no clue what I'm doing
afaik funding rate mainly affects margin positions- if the price keeps increasing based on spot buys, that is generally bullish, if I'm understanding correctly. 
Hold on to your fries tight.
heh, I learned Python and was live trading stocks using Quantopian prior to finding crypto.  It was actually Quantopian discontinuing broker integration that led me to crypto in mid-August.  Oh how I miss those first few weeks.  It was like "wait, I don't have to worry about moving averages or earnings reports or stock splits, I just click buy and it goes up 20% in a matter of minutes?"
yeah I started to do reading on quantico or what it's called instead of data security blogs now :D
I mean win like beat the market completely. On poker you can become a world champion, the market has no start or end in that sense. 
Soviet Russia
Father Russia
Mother Russia 
Could you show us the line you're talking about? I can't seem to find it
thx bro
I think in our head we're all messed up. We are so used to crazy volatility, that when something is normal we panic.
On a macro level the market only ever moves in one direction... so yes.. this strategy actually works.  Identifying direction is the hard part ;)
Goblin Town my friend.  But let us not speak of this.
Yeah, there was pretty strong buying down there, but we also had to visit the area 3/4 times on the 15m chart before the bears gave it up, which kinda tells me that the selling pressure anywhere above there is maybe a bit stronger than the bulls expected.

Looks like i missed my entry point anyway, so maybe i'll just look for a long entry instead, let's see how this plays out.
what is 'this'?
Maybe it is. I can't really say I'm able to discern between reaccumulation and distribution with certainty.
Not all alts took a beating. They diverged. Some went up and some went down.
Probably, just noticed it was already at 9540 oops 


Either way a run at 10K is coming soon
That people are really bullish, to the point where they are willing to take higher and higher rates.  What we can gather from this, I don't know.  Based on my gut, which isn't worth much, one could also argue that those same people might be weak handed when a dip comes, turning a small dip into a dump.  Just a thought...
The log line has four or five contact points now going all the way back to Dec ATH high.

Throughout the downtrend BTC has often done 0.786 fib retraces. 0.618 and golden ration (0.65) fibs have also been very regularly hit.

If you don't like EW, and prefer "looking left" the $7.8K to $7.6K region could do with a retest (and hasn't been tested since BGD in early April).

The lower sloped trendline is a huge, ancient one going all the way back to 2013 and is what acted as support from earlier in April when we got the BGD (therefore interesting to me if we manage to get back to it for a test - $7.7K would not break it btw - unless it takes us almost 2 more weeks to get down to that price level).

Bulls have had a lot of time now to get us above $10K but so far it hasn't happened. Algo bots that sold at $9.8K will have the 0.5 and 0.618 fib retrace points as a buy target. Using the new upper log line and the ancient lower log line, you could argue we are still in a giant sym triangle and coiling. This also explains (to me at least) why the market remains so skittish. We are _still_ not clearly at the end of the bear market and on to a new bull run imho. I don't think we'll have clarity on this until the end of May/beginning of June.

As with all TA, it's speculative/educated guesses. It's one scenario of many and as of RIGHT NOW remains valid.

If you don't like/agree with it, that's fine. I am using it as a simple map to guide my buying selling decisions over the next few weeks and to help me gauge how bullish or bearish the market is right now.

Edit: the only bias I have is this: I can't believe the market is so bullish that a 0.382 fib retrace of the move up from $6.5K is all we get (which so far is the case). For me to be happy and confident going long, I want to see at least a 0.5 fib retrace i.e. ~$8.3K. Doubly so when you factor in what sparked the upswing i.e. a short squeeze. The rest of the move up was bulltards FOMOing (only after bigger players supported the BGD for a few days after) and BTC being carried by a brief alt party (which in turn happened because the alts had been so badly beaten down, a mercy buying spree and quick flip made sense). Sue me for being skeptical and waiting for more data before I become mid-term bullish.
I find this comical - just last week and for months before that if you posted something bullish you were downvoted...
It's not even mid or long term bearish. He framed it as a good entry point for a long!  People just can't accept that the price can go down as well as up. 
His post isn't all that bearish.  The downvotes were probably for the shitty ta, not the sentiment.
Lol, yep. Even your post was insta downvoted. This is actually very good analysis
Nice catch!
[deleted]
Long-term I'm bearish but the short term looks really bullish to me. We'll see what happens.
Yes you will be.
mainly because bitfinex is pushing a lot harder than gdax lately. 
He's all about that 50x live fast, die young, life.   Yolo.

😂
/s
Alt coins' drop > 2% :D
When it touched the line today, there was a noticeable bounce, so I assumed it's acting as a support and that we're going to break upwards. Boy was I wrong. 
Amazingly, Jenny can conduct more "transactions" per minute than Bitcoin. Don't underestimate her skills.
Now I'm scared! lol

edit: man, what is up with bitmex being +$30 from finex
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
I'm using nonstandard
I found someone else's ichi set up for crypto because with the standard set i was having a hard time finding intervals that really told the same story.   Just giving it a try.  
Huh?
Alts + btc dropping at the same time, meh

Alts dropping before btc, damn interesting.
Maybe because there's a separate dedicated alt thread. 
> so why is it being downvoted?

It's a very low effort comment just stating a price move. Also it's not about Bitcoin price and the commenter had made no effort to relate it to the Bitcoin price.
Most of them are like -60% from ATH , except EOS ofc
place your buy order at 4k bro show them how it's done 
Do you mean daily?
Those guys don't know what they're missing out on... Rage shorting on a Sunday is good for morale. 
>Dude is chilling at a nice beach, i think he is pretty fine. 

Bingo. https://imgur.com/a/kKVVDoz

Position still intact.
BTC triggered my stop losses last night on 9550, but I doubt he would move his stop losses, experienced traders know exactly how much % they can risk and lose, it's money management that in the end gives you positive numbers.
/u/MikeXBT

Apparently has $3M short position

It depends on the side it is pegged. If it stays in the upper or lower side it is much more likely to go that way. 

Reversal of trends excluded. 
Nah, Operation Price Collapse has been abandoned, and Operation Prevent Moon is in the process of failing. Bears have lost control. No big surprise. Happens every damn bearwhale.
[deleted]
15min and 30min are in a neck. 

4hr is starting to squeeze.  12hr a bit less than 4hr. 
[removed]
I highly doubt it
usually when the price sits still like this just going up and down it's because someone's accumulating or unloading. at $6500 I think it was accumulation, it is starting to look like someone's unloading (distribution) up here
Sell walls stick when buys get made. Buy walls dip when sells get made. That's what I was seeing on GDAX.
As said above, by placing hidden sell walls. 

Moreover, I have been closely monitoring all the trades since 23 hours and 13 minutes since that 1 min candle that wiped off all orders from BitFinex book yesterday.

There is this one particular whale that doesn't seem to stop, it buys, place big buy orders and stay there. I do not think it is multiple whales,it is only one (with exceptions when FOMO kicks in)  it is the same behavior, repeating over and over again. It i
It was a typo, I fixed it. :)
That is exactly what it means the whale is buying more and more and placing buy walls, which is being perceived by most of us as the price is gonna go up. I do not understand how the whale is doing it, but this is what I have seen. 
i'd say 1000BTC+ is whale

Often people forget to do this and keep the high interest rate loans. 
I'm not quite sure people FOMOing in with a 0.34% daily loan are really even that aware the margin is a p2p book or what the FRR is or anything like that.. I think bitfinex has an option to just autoselect the best rate at the time, but dont know if it auto-refinances daily.. if you get a newb who called a bottom leveraged in he may be paying you that rate for a while

Yea, saw it last night but had my funds trapped in bitmex.
Cretin.
Guessing you don't know how margins work
lol that 0.3% only last for an hour or so very far from 100% APR
>There's been no fundamental change to the crypto market. No commercial ready LN, no increased infrastructure. Nada.

In that case, I expect it to continue growing in adoption at the same speed it has for the past 5 years
[removed]
> no commercial ready LN

So you are going to wait until it's commercially ready before acting on it? Have fun buying in at 30K+.
Crypto isn't just Bitcoin. A lot of alts are making good progress
No excellence.
Yeah, same like in 2014. Get real.
[removed]
I'm new to this. Could you explain where I went wrong?
multiple, more like 3 ? Well  the 9450/9500 level could be that so let's say it is about to form then ? 
Then we have this on 1h https://www.tradingview.com/x/shHyJZmY
You mean symmetrical triangle?
Malta is Binance, I believe. Bitfinex is planning to move HQ to Switzerland, but that should be good for SEPA, too (though not a EURO country, Switzerland participates in SEPA).
Ouch, that sounds painful. At least we can still trade as big as we like in the meantime :)  
They have a huge backlog
They are the worlds most valuable exchange and you don't know what you are talking about
Thanks!
I don't think that's quite right. If bitfinex "prints" a large amount of tether, they can easily manipulate the funding rate. If (hypothetical) bitfinex can manipulate the market, they can also manipulate the funding rate.
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
They are separate entities.

Tether prints tether (in theory, and personally I don't have any reason to doubt it) when one of their investors deposits $ on tether corporate bank account they then issue an equal amount of tether which is given to the investor which can they distribute it as he pleases. He can leave them untouched in his omni wallet (0 effect on liquidity) or he can deposit then in exchanges that support USDT and sell it for BTC or other crypto which is kind of an awesome way to huge amounts of crypto discreetly since the tether accounts are unknown and not linked to crypto so you can avoid crypto exchange black lists that some banks have.

Then you have liquidity providers at bitfinex these are people with USD (not USDT) that lend their money when they are not in a position. If most of them would rather use the money to trade then rates go up since there's not enough liquidity for all the people that want to borrow.
their internals are a black box, all we know is they have enough to cover redemptions, which is a small fraction of outstanding USDT.  Typically $$ inside a black box, like schroedinger's cat.. is usually there and not there.





>It's possible that they may not currently have the USD backing to print more tether at this time?? Or there are not enough people entering the exchange  with true USD (as opposed to other tether or BTC) to validate the printing of more tether? 

There is almost no chance that tether has ever been backed 1:1 by USD as claimed. 
ignore saturday action it's heavily manipulated.  People want their saturdays off.


Thanks alot, never used Fib lines personally but know of them. I'll have a look into them today. 

Regarding 'the internal wave structure suggests other things' what do you mean? Just so if something in the future looks like this i'm aware of other possible scenarios. Thanks again. 
[removed]
[removed]
I love you both
you get 0.1 (I think) testnet Bitcoins, but they provide links to testnet faucets (which have seemingly instantaneous transfer speeds) so you can really load up if you want to play pretend gambling.
Yeah, I agree, that's why I have set up alarms on bitcoin checker but it did not warn me. I wanted to check the rise before actually closing my positions, SL was just in case of wild pumps
Please don't communicate this way here.
ICO When?
Maybe a dumb question, but is there a possibility that somewhere in the next 10 years there will be a conservative US government that undoes the whole weed legalisation and makes it as illegal as before? That would collapse the entire (regulated) weed market.
I envisioned this concept years ago, nice to hear they are making progress.  This could make computers function similar to the way human brains work.  If artificial intelligence could determine that certain subroutines were commonly used, it could program those into the FPGA to create a sort of "muscle-memory".  Then, the CPU that was normally dedicated to those subroutines could be offloaded to the FPGA, freeing up CPU bandwidth for higher-level tasks, while also completing those common tasks quickly and effortlessly.
thanks for the info, imma do my own research in that field and see what's investable 
The break down (which has now mostly recovered) is not visible on the 3h chart. This chart is meant to show a support level around 9300.
oh thank you .. did not know that about the sunday breakers.. i take it you're a PPT denialist? you know that shits real..  Even without the breakers no institutional trader wants to worry about his 100 contract open position on saturday.  I'm just speculating but.. come on .. it's chicago.



He is acting up and claiming to know whats going on.
[removed]
I mean, the price of bitcoin its been clearly suppressed (or its just what it looks like when only bots trade)  But, like in a raw and without shame way. Look at those flat lines (with trading) on the 1 m . Its ridiculous 
Yes. 

No way to really know, I do believe we will struggle with 9700, if we dont then it will be super bullish. I also believe that bitcoin price is being actively suppressed . I mean, just look at these flat tops on the 1m candles, i get it, not the best timeframe, but 18 minutes in a range of 3$ tells me something its very fishy, because any seller would had moved up their orders a bit up in that situation. Now, accumulation, building pressure (that could go to both sides but probably up) or just freaky market behavior, which one of those its true.... 
And volatility is correlated with the day
I'm seeing a lot of resistance above. It needs a BGD to push over 9450 at least. Still sitting out
If only we could TA that shit somehow...
Thanks, that RSI looks interesting, gonna test it absolutely :) 
Until it stops. Lol
Spot buys are not necessarily an indicator of market direction. The same coins could have been removed from the books and spot sold into a limit order with the same effect. 
I did not want to talk about this, but gambling has no start, no end as well. Today you wil WSOP tmr you start again with the same chips (and higher bankroll). Gambling for pros/winners is simply constant inflow of money from fishes, where most goes to the house. Sometimes, something remains.
Кто говорит «крипта волотильна», тот не знаком с рублем! 
Its not really at the moment: https://i.imgur.com/nrlL7an.jpg
Друг 
8555 to 8785 ascending. Just connect the the bottom of the last two dumps in a straight line on the log chart.
[Chart](https://imgur.com/a/GOnxd4A)
The chart says globlin, which was the joke :P
Whales being good at shaking people out of their positions.
Lol it's true. I actually think it's a reasonably bullish count. The sooner we can get Wave 2 out of the way (whether that's now or up around $11K), the sooner we can get on to Wave 3 (which is the ultimate bull paradise as it's usually the longest of the three impulse waves)
haha that's fair. I'm by no means an expert. Would love it if someone posted a better/more informed chart to learn from. I will say that the 5 wave up count is not just me, a lot of "experts" have a similar count. The harder part is the ABC e.g. I'm assuming the B wave of that is still in the process of finishing an ABCDE pattern but I'm not good enough at EW to know if that's valid. I'm comfortable with the overall projection mainly due to the fib retraces/levels - they're all pretty textbook so far.
The smart ones will close at $9600....if not $8600.
yes, close right before the biggest resistance of all. i wouldn’t rule out such dumb ass moves with all the dumb traders in this ecosystem 
> Long-term I'm bearish

that's a first for me to read. Care to explain why? What long term and where do you see the price or even BTC/Crypto there?
just not for that reason, ur not gonna squeeze low leverage bfx shorts by going up 500$
nah, I'll fomo in if we stay over 10.3k for a few hours
I'll take any reason I can get.
chlamydia only requires one confirmation
[deleted]
Like i said, i'm clueless on this indicator, just trying to help out, but thanks for the info,
Risky trade imo. We are in a rising wedge on low volume. this can't be good sign. 
That's true but when alts crash together then it also says something about Bitcoin, given that we're talking about the BTC pairings (and fiat). 
It's true that it's low effort but it is informative to those of use who don't have alt charts up all the time and it relates to BTC if the alts are crashing in tandem (in regards to the ratio). This is often times suggestive of an incoming move on BTCUSD.
Go look at ETH, then look at BTC, then realize that if you were holding BTC and saw my comment you could have avoided a loss.  I guess I could have spent more time explaining, but since it is time sensitive and theoretically those reading in this sub are well versed in crypto to know the implications, it was skipped.

You're welcome
It was a relevant comment made with good intentions. Is that not enough? 
ADA was up 25%, NEO 10%, TRX 10%, ATH's of these coins were attained when bitcoin was 15-20k.
I mean you can see it on the daily too, but the weekly chart makes it obvious as a support (for 3 consecutive weeks) turned resistance.
yeah but triggering circuit breakers at the CME and a bunch of 200$ an hour brokers sitting around is expensive.




[deleted]
You think this is distribution? If $6500 was accumulation there's an argument to be made that according to Wyckoff 6.5k to 9k was 'markup' and we're now in 're-accumulation'.
You've seen it too. I have no intentions to hurt anyone's feeling, but that seems to be the case as they don't like listening to me telling them that the whale is unloading, which implies distribution as you said, thus price heading downwards. 

Perhaps if I had posted about about how the price is going to hit $10,000 and beyond, people would have been happier. Anyway, stay safe brother. Also, I would love to be informed about Mike's next move if you can. Cheers! 
the guy who bought at 6500$ was a daytrading whale (or so i read).. I dont think he cares if he takes a nice billion $$ profit after 3 weeks

I think you should get some sleep.
Hidden buy walls or sell walls? Above you stated buy walls. I also think there is something fishy going on, that's why i am so curious about the things you observed. How do you think they manage to unload their bags? You think it is the same whale placing these buy walls and market dumping the coins for higher prices, finally reaching his own hidden buy wall? Really confused. Thanks mate.
well if it makes you feel better we don't understand wtf you're talking about so you're not alone.


as an aggressive lender, I'll disagree.
lol we wish. No one forgets when they are paying f*cking 0.3%
No, if you pick that rate and don't cancel the loan, you just carrying on paying... for 30 days max. however, most people, or at least those who care will re-check/cancel their loans once they find better loans. You only get paid the amount the loan went for, sometimes it could be a mere 1-2 hour. so you are not really making that much.
wtf all in 100x u can make alot more than .76%
I'm aware, hence the "crypto" in my post.
Unfortunately its the truth good sir.

TXs are as low as in Jan 2016, google trends are still at a decline, no impactful positive/negative news in weeks. 

Crypto/fiat vol pairs are declining while crypto/crypto vol pairs are rising. Volume is dictated by whale movement (remember how before there was plenty of liquidity in between large movements?). BitMEX volume has steadily risen throughout the year which indicates more people are willing to place risky speculative bets rather than trade the underlying coin than before. I could go on.

I suppose I should have included this in my post.
It was more of a wavy line mate.
http://www.chart-formations.com/chart-patterns/ascending-triangles.aspx
Ah I hadnt noticed that, interesting. 

I think too with that same support line, you can then draw a resistance line on the highs since our drop from 9.7, and have a gradual ascending wedge.  Which by eyeballing seems like it would peak at 9.7 again. 

Wish I was on my PC to try drawing all this out. 


Ascending triangles normaly need to see decreasing volume as well. I think a fairly clear one is emerging on the 1 hour time frame 
(https://www.tradingview.com/x/2v6WTMUs/), which might signify a retest of 9.5k.
It could be, redrew it a bit and it really looks more a triangle. 
That's right. I even saw on bfx's eos bid that they host their servers in Zurich. Fine by me. Let's hope they add CHF as a pair.
> they can easily manipulate the funding 

They don't put their own assets into the funding books unless its an emergency and the book completely runs dry
Ah thank you this explanation was the clearest to me.. I think it all makes sense now! I also did not realize BFX leverage works on p2p lending of database USD that explains a bunch... Don't trade on BFX so was not familiar with that. 
I think most logical people would find it hard to believe that they have the USD collateral available which they proclaim.
9800 happened on a Wednesday I believe
It order to use Elliott effectively it is important to understand how Fibonacci ratios in retracements and extensions work. You can't really just label stuff ABC 12345, the waves should 'fit' the extension or retracement for that wave structure.

To be honest, after waking up this morning I am kind of leaning on your structure again but am preparing the possibility of it being a W4 ABCDE in a lesser degree instead of a primary ABC. If we break down 8900 then ABC becomes more likely if we break the A pivot at 8700 then ABC is defo on the cards and look for your targets above. Interesting that the 0.5 retrace of the bullish swing and the 1.236 and smack on each other. This would be the most likely point for a C to end.
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
[removed]
Knowing me, it'll come too early.
Obviously can’t say anything with absolute certainty but I would say no. Once it’s done it will be done, too much money will be made with it
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
>oh thank you .. did not know that about the sunday breakers.. i take it you're a PPT denialist? you know that shits real..  Even without the breakers no institutional trader wants to worry about his 100 contract open position on saturday.  I'm just speculating but.. come on .. it's chicago.

I can't imagine that the PTT is running around spending tens of millions of dollars to manipulate the global price to make life more convenient for their $8m/day of trading volume. There don't seem to be any whales trading there. 
[removed]
Btc keeps low volatility and everyone in this sub talks about accumulation. Please for Gods sake nobody is fucking accumulating on 10k, accumulation happened in 2014/2015/2016 and early 2017. 
It has been statisticly proven that no day in particular has any particular price action. 
better to be in a position now and take a small loss and not be system overloaded when it moves imo, but both are valid strategies
Volume and stuff like will get us there https://santiment.net/
Sure, I just think it's slightly more bullish if the price moves up based on spot buys vs longs opening
ATM maybe , it still went from 57 to 64 in like a couple of days tho
It's still shit 
> Its not really at the moment: https://i.imgur.com/nrlL7an.jpg

Do they still have Rubles in Russia? They kept trying to sell them to me when I was there on a school trip in the 90's.
Здравствуйте Камрад, ты откуда ?
I assume 8652.2 to 8872 ascending (Bitfinex) ?
Thanks!
That is stellar! I was only fixated on a small, narrow region. An eye opener
10k is not resistance m8
I think Bitcoin is an amazing concept, and in a perfect world it would be the optimal store of value. However, in the real world, Bitcoin is hardly usable.

It's too volatile, it's too slow, it's too expensive, governments don't like it and would rather create their own cryptocurrency than adapt to Bitcoin (I think, this is speculating on my part).

Bitcoin could still make a new ATH but as long as my aformentioned  concerns are valid I'll remain skeptical of its long-term future.
I disagree. 9.8k would be a new high, 10k would instill some good FOMO. I wouldn't wanna be short from 9.2k by then...
Lol right...

The funding rates really have been nice especially since we're just kinda going sideways 
You made my hot coffee go back out through my nose, have an upvote good sir!
yeah but it didnt have much of a premium before.. bull volume is 2 mil to 600k on there too.  They're really bullish. If bitcoin goes up to 100k like we all know it will, 100x leverage.. that's 1000x
just put in a million on bitmex and u got a billion




edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
Ya, i didnt put a stop loss because I think I can outlast a drop if the rising wedge plays out bearish.
Exactly, I'm glad some can appreciate my attempt to help...
I'm not sure I understand.  ETH is doing fine.  It looks like EOS is about to take the dive and that might cause havoc everywhere else but ETH has been sitting still all day.
Lol you want *me* to tell you about his next move? I'm sure he'll post about it.. Also keep in mind we're still above $9.2k. Although if we drop below I could see some more substantial movement downwards 
Do you have a source for this? or a post?
lol mate we've been through this together. haha. Anyhow, I had my sleep already. Cheers!
> Hidden buy walls or sell walls? 

Sorry mate it was a typing error and yes right, hidden sell walls, not buy. 

> You think it is the same whale placing these buy walls and market dumping the coins for higher prices.

I am certain it is the same whale. It is repeating the same behavior which is not hard to identify.  

> finally reaching his own hidden buy wall? Really confused.

Hidden buy walls is the same coins it is unloading at higher prices which it bought at cheaper prices to push the price upwards.


I mistyped, hidden buy walls, instead of hidden sell walls.
Hmm, I guess we've had different experiences then.
People forget.  I get countless amount of enjoyment logging into my account and checking the small amount of bitcoin that I've got lent at 0.19%/day for 21 days (9 days left if all goes well).

And in some cases the lending engine is buggy and doesn't let people close loans. This happenned in August 2017 on Poloniex when rates were very high due to the Bitcoin Cash fork.
Happened to me and some people I know when we were lending. Some poor guy paid the disgusting rate to my friend for like 20 days.
The issue is with how you talk about people you disagree with.
Filled it in for you https://i.imgur.com/jNdU7Ug.png 
thx
also interesting to notice that the wicks to the downside are long which means this organic buying I talk about is in effect
Yeah been waiting for that one to pop. 
That would be really cool.
Most logical people have read the preliminary report the auditor Friedman LLC did on them which specifically mentioned that they did in fact have fully loaded USD accounts to their name (verified directly with the banks) for the same amount of tethers issued. Most logical people are aware of how USD correspondent banks fucked them by pressuring other international banks to not work with them forcing them to keep the deposit accounts not public. And after all most logical people know that if you are sitting on a money printing machine ($1 dividend per share this quarter when the price of the share itself was less than $1 during the hack fiasco) you just don't fuck it up running some stupid scam.
Cool thanks, do you post TA publicly on tradingview? 

[removed]
Accumulation happens in all scales. There is a very big difference between short term and long term . 
Where? I have other personal findings.
Kraken usually doesn't lock too much but i rather wait than fomo'ing. For now my strategy is minimal risk or stay out until i can start recouping from a terrible week 
Of course!

They are now worth 20 times less ..
Yea they do actually but they are not worth much , Putin and his friends all prefer capitalist dollars 
Dollar is like Bitcoin and ruble is like a shitcoin ranked #500 on CMC 
> Здравствуйте ~~Камрад~~ товарищ, ты откуда ?

FTFY
well shit.... I cant see any actual alphabet letters..
10.3k, buddy
It's not slow, and it's definitely not expensive now so all the volatility is really only in one direction when smoothed by the passage of time. Governments (and banks and others) would have killed it by now if they could.

Go ahead and be bearish long-term, but you'll most likely regret it if you don't at least get a little BTC in case you're wrong... which you are in all likelihood. 
> It's too volatile,

Because it's nowhere near equilibrium and liquidity sucks. Stable markets don't form from nothing overnight. This is the role of speculators, to take on the high r/r of emerging markets.

>it's too slow

Too slow for what? Also what about LN?

>it's too expensive

Too expensive for what? 

>governments don't like it and would rather create their own cryptocurrency than adapt to Bitcoin

I'm sure we'll see gov't issued digital currencies but they will pale in comparison to a decentralized PoW coin like Bitcoin because they won't have store of value properties, just like fiat currencies don't today. In fact, Bitcoin will serve as a hedge against central bank fuckery. Also, at least in terms of Western democracies, we've seen more acceptance and embrace from governments than most of us could ever dream of years ago.

>Bitcoin could still make a new ATH but as long as my aformentioned concerns are valid I'll remain skeptical of its long-term future.

Are they valid though?
Me niether, but i've been watching BTCUSDLONGS & SHORTS daily for months now. People are more then willing to go way more underwater than that. It's because Bitfinex is low leverage. On bitmex I'm sure there will be plenty of people liquidated either way
You helped me. I have no interest in watching more than the alts on GDAX. it's super helpful when you guys post about them here because I'd otherwise never know. 

On the 1-min ETH and EOS dropped hard about a minute before BTC did.
Well I will keep an eye. :) 

About $9.2k, I do not think it will sustain for long but lets see.
the investor that put in our bottom of 6500:
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/anonymous-trader-buys-400-million-of-bitcoin-2018-02-16

I found a youtube video of him:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6cgl4Y9ZXE

prolly a long term hodlr


Okay, so technically just a buy low sell high scheme of one whale. What makes you think that this will crash the price eventually?
that's bullish accumulation, typically those coins are off the market for a while
Neptune is here!
The long bottom wicks make me feel the price will tend to move up from here. 

I think the lack of barts shows that our price is generally more organically pressured than recently. But I would doubt that non-coiners are reacting and eating up the little pushes down and pushing it back up, and then stopping to buy when we get 50-100 higher.   Non-whale traders maybe. 
> "And after all most logical people know that if you are sitting on a money printing machine ($1 dividend per share this quarter when the price of the share itself was less than $1 during the hack fiasco) you just don't fuck it up running some stupid scam."

- banks are also very profitable, I take it you have not heard of Libor to use just one example

> "Most logical people have read the preliminary report the auditor Friedman LLC did on them which specifically mentioned that they did in fact have fully loaded USD accounts to their name (verified directly with the banks) for the same amount of tethers issued."

- whether they have the funds or not are irrelevant, the relevant issue is the source of the funds...which to our understanding so far was not verified, are you not capable of comprehending the importance of that?

Whilst on the subject of Friedman LLC, they were also "fired" it would appear, do you not grasp the significance of that

You do seem quite naive to the world around you, although I imagine it's because you don't come from a finance/banking background and gain your "knowledge" from Reddit and Wikipedia

I'm not saying that there is, or is not something "up" with Tether, I'm just exploring the facts as we know them today
>Most logical people have read the preliminary report the auditor Friedman LLC did on them which specifically mentioned that they did in fact have fully loaded USD accounts to their name (verified directly with the banks) for the same amount of tethers issued. 

You mean the preliminary report that supposedly "verified" an snapshot of bank statements that corroborated exactly nothing despite BFX calling it an "audit" for months afterwards? And then BFX claimed an audit was coming for over a year only to have Friedman sever contact entirely and scrub all mention of an audit with no explanation? And then BFX tried to blame Friedman, totally abandoned their promise to get audited and just sort of hoped everyone would forget about the whole thing? Yeah, most logical people know that isn't a good look or a comforting fact pattern. 
I searched around and couldn't find it, sorry. 

Iirc it was posted on medium. It was linked in this daily a number of times a couple months back, so hopefully someone sees this.  I tried searching this sub too, but on mobile it's even tougher to eek results out of the crappy Reddit search feature. 
Side note, catching the night train to Leningrad (when it was still called that) was an unforgettable experience. I was drinking tea out of glasses for months after I got home and will never forget how many televisions were for sale but the shops were empty. 
Spalilsya
10250 is historically, but if we bust through 10K, I wouldn't be surprised by a BGC to 10400. Invalidates the double top theory, higher high, etc etc 
Nope its not
> It's not slow

with any sort of widespread usage it's incredibly slow
> Governments (and banks and others) would have killed it by now if they could.

Many of them have killed it.  Or do you mean erasing Bitcoin from the planet?   Even if 1 BTC is $0.01 and there is one transaction a year on the blockchain, you will proclaim "You Can't Kill Bitcoin"...and celebrate.
[deleted]
> Too slow for what? 

Too slow for racing in the Indy 500.  What do you think?  Maybe the obvious, perhaps?

> I'm sure we'll see gov't issued digital currencies but they will pale in comparison to a 
decentralized PoW coin like Bitcoin.

One will be illegal, one will be legal.  Which one do you think will have wider adoption?
ah ok

>You mean the preliminary report that supposedly "verified" an snapshot of bank statements that corroborated exactly nothing despite BFX calling it an "audit" for months afterwards? 

lol of course not!! I mean the preliminary report you didn't read where Friedman LLC didn't verify a fucking snapshot but rather contacted one by one all the banks to verify **directly with the banks** that Tether INC did in fact had fully loaded USD bank accounts to their name. That report that didn't turn into a full audit since US correspondent banks are bullying anyone that does business with bitfinex forcing them to keep their accounts private something incompatible unfortunately with a full public audit.
I saw [this](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3088472) and it's a very poor statistical analysis. Basically something you'd find in a stats 101 class. All they did was throw in volume by day both normal and with a log transformation. Then did a basic t test and spit out some p values. No mention of MSE or R^2

There were no other models tested, no standardized data, and no cross validation to determine model fit. There's also no such thing as statistically proven, there's high probabilities that the model is correct, but there's still bias and variance. 
90s lol the worst time in our recent history , it was sad , desperate times 
Shuilsya 
Lightning is a thing, but Segwit is more than good enough now. Sent a transaction a week ago. Confirmed in ten minutes and cost maybe 1/20 what a bank transfer would have cost, 1/50 of credit card (.05 percent of transferred amount)
What government killed it? Seems pretty alive to me.
He who pesters the mods...

--- 

>I believe it was back in January, but I remember reading something somebody here wrote, responding to a comment that had raised similar “Bitcoin is fucked because of _blank_” arguments as the OP; saying how institutional investors would stay away from Bitcoin due to fees and its slow confirmation time, etc. 

The bottom line is that blockchains need to be economically viable. Ultimately, imo, this means that fees and blockspace (and block time) need to be aligned in such a way to balance scarcity of space with on-chain utility. Chasing fees down to ~$0 just leads to spam. Additional layers, including LN, should be able to enable everything down to micropayments. I'm all for raising the block limit in a sensible manner when the time is right but it's paramount that node and miner viability doesn't decrease to any meaningful degree. Past that, again, I just don't see why chasing fees down to nothing is sustainable. Just like how people leaves energy-efficient lights on more than incandescent bulbs, so too will people use the blockchain for more transactions, which, in turn, just leads to fees going up, which will lead to calls for a increase. Instead, finding some sort of balance and then scaling further on other layers is really the only way to keep the chain somewhat manageable, which should be a priority for everyone in the space but some like to pretend like this isn't desirable and necessary. Unfortunately, for Bitcoin (and all of us cucks here) this is the main attack that detractors use to spread FUD and such. In reality it's a strength, not a weakness, but I suppose we're still in the pre-enlightenment stage of *crypto* (gosh, I've grown to hate that word).



>Too slow for racing in the Indy 500. What do you think? Maybe the obvious, perhaps?

Not sure. Micro-transactions? Buying coffee? Making payments on your house? Sending international aide?

Also, what about LN? You didn't answer.

> One will be illegal, one will be legal. Which one do you think will have wider adoption?

The one that retains the 3 properties of money best. I doubt Bitcoin will be illegal in the absolute sense of the word. We haven't seen that so far. Mostly just mining regulations/bans and market regulations/bans. There will certainly be authoritarian regimes that crack down but western democracies have adopted all sorts of decentralized tech over the years. 
No, I read it. That report was laughable. Calling it an "audit" for months afterwards was laughable. Promising an audit that never came was laughable. Pretending that the audit didn't come because of any other reason than BFX cooking their books is laughable. You buying into this obvious scam hook, line and sinker is perhaps the most laughable.
It's not what I was thinking of. If we do manage to find it, I'd love to hear your take on it. 
You may want to pay better attention.
I'd be interested in seeing for sure!
Oh, so Bitcoin is dead? Yeah... not original. Fuck do I care if Chicoms or indians don't like Bitcoin? 
Yes Bitcoin is essentially countries in some places.  And where it remains, it is not what it was, so the older version of it is effectively dead.   You can change it into something else entirely and still call it "Bitcoin" but it won't still exist.
