[Daily Discussion] Saturday, April 07, 2018 -- TITLE
#New post: [\[Daily Discussion\] Sunday, April 08, 2018 →](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8anmvt/daily_discussion_sunday_april_08_2018/)
Feel like it's gotten more antagonistic in here recently. As I watch the Manchester City vs. Manchester United soccer game, watching a huge scuffle break out, sometimes it strikes that the 24/7/365 nature both of Bitcoin and these markets aren't the best adapted to deal with our human need for story and narrative and a more primal feeling of conquest. Because there's never a single end point, neither bears nor bulls ever get a sense of completion and rest that is frankly normal human behavior. 

So for my part I am going to be better at being kinder round here and also going to give myself more time to stay out of position and get rest for proper perspective (both on a pragmatic level and broader).
Closed my long from 6590 @ 7043..happy Saturday everyone one.. 
Closed my $7m long posted [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8a6k3w/z/dwwhakc) from $6580, at an average of $6840. A gain of approximately 4%, plus earned a bit in maker fees and perpetual fundings.
This looks exactly like the last time it ran to 9100 (just under the falling wedge) dumped to 8200 and then ran up and actually touched the falling wedge downtrend line before the real dump
So I closed my first ever leveraged trade yesterday on a long and made a decent profit. Felt fantastic. Now I’m absolutely scared to pull the trigger on my next trade... it’s like I won money at a black jack table and it’s best to walk away but I’m itching to go back 
This might not be the bottom, but it's somewhere between here and $0. Currently, that's a difference of $6,840. 

We're $13,249 from the ATH. 

Let's assume crypto is a bubble. I don't think it peaked at ~1% adoption and before we've really delved into a world where the Internet of Things is fully integrated and my fridge is auto-purchasing my groceries with WholeFoodsCoin through the ether.

If I were just here for the money, and didn't believe a dime in the technology, I'd hedge my bet on this bubble ascending to higher ATH's and begin DCA'ing in right about now. Risk:Reward is generous, the fundamentals of crypto are stronger than ever while sentiment nears multi-year lows. Perhaps even lower? Millennial interest in the stock market and traditional finance. 

Do what you will, but shorting Bitcoin today seems like a sucker's game. Looking more like obvious profit each day, and we all know what that means.

Good luck out there.


[Bitfinex Introduces Trading For 12 New Ethereum Tokens](https://www.ethfinex.com/posts/242), along with DAI stable coin.
 
For those unaware what DAI is - it's an ERC20 token that will always be 1 DAI = 1 USD. It's driven by ETH smart contracts and is completely transparent. You could read more on DAI and tech behind it [here](https://medium.com/cryptolinks/maker-for-dummies-a-plain-english-explanation-of-the-dai-stablecoin-e4481d79b90). 

This is an excellent safe haven/hedge choice for those who are skeptical of USDT legitimacy. Even with ETH's massive downfall, DAI managed to stay really stable in the past 3+ months. Really good news for whole space.
Some strong resistances directly ahead of BTC:

&nbsp;

* Downtrend resistance from 11,5k

* Fibonacci 0.5 retracement 

* And 4h Ichimoku resistance. All in one place at the moment. 

&nbsp;

https://www.tradingview.com/x/tlHGUvcn/

&nbsp;

Really thinking about opening a short here, although I think BTC will move sideways for a couple of hours now and will have one more bullish impulse.
Closed my 46K long from 6611 at 7040.. Bears, your move.
[Yesterday I commented that the lack of will to sell btc that we saw for pretty much the whole day could maaaybe signal the end of the bear trend](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8a6k3w/daily_discussion_friday_april_06_2018/dwxsa7g/). Now my hopium is at maximum levels since those big green candles (which made me lose some money since I shorted twice).

[This is what I am seeing now](https://www.tradingview.com/x/7WqLbDql). That green line on top is a quite old resistance (weeks even) but so were the pink and blue lines before it, and whales crushed them. And so far it is holding both bears and bulls back.

No position right now as I refuse to trade against the trend... and I was quite sure that until yesterday, trend was down.

Not so sure anymore. But I sure as hell can't wait to trade with a bull trend again.
Curious what you guys think here, some basic TA.  I've got a falling wedge (red dotted lines) from 11k with a breakout this morning to the upside. 

https://www.tradingview.com/x/HtHJkEXq/

Zooming in, the 'weakness' we're seeing is looking like fallback to retest the wedge as support, which it held at ~6850.  

https://www.tradingview.com/x/gfxNZYlH/

I expect either a test of the linear support line (green) as resistance, somewhere in the 7000-7250 range or another retest of the wedge as support somewhere around 6800.  If we test the wedge again as support so soon I don't expect it to hold.  I also expect the green resistance line to hold, possible short entry point?

https://www.tradingview.com/x/6iVyUzhJ/

it’s a gray day today, but I’m drinking my coffee with The Masters coverage on TV, Howard Stern on the speakers, charts on the iPad, empanadas in the oven and hopium in the bong. today is a good day hope you are all well. 
I don't know if people found this already, but it's interesting to note that every BTC "bubble" has retraced to at least 0.786 retracement: 

https://www.tradingview.com/x/L7RzejI7/

https://www.tradingview.com/x/dYY0OVb5/

https://www.tradingview.com/x/jSXW9wLV/

That would give us a target of 4500~ before a big bounce happens. 

https://www.tradingview.com/x/B02V4lRp/

But 4.5k isn't backed by only those fractals, it's also backed by some others technical indicators. 


Longed last nigtht at 6605. Technically shouldve stopped out at 6545 but alarm didnt go off... Now my stop loss is at 6800.

Anyone got a good price alert app?

EDIT: long closed at 6880, nearly made a months rent over night. shits insane.
The past few attempts to dump out of this pattern (yesterday's attempt when it went down to $6520 before going right back up, and just now at $6782) seem to have failed.  Is this regular buyers looking to get back in, or a few whales keeping the price from going down?  If big money is keeping this from going down...that does feel like the bottom might be in, no?
Is it just me or has the market gotten flatter with sudden spikes of price changes as opposed to the hills and valleys; what could that possibly mean?
Is there anybody who can read this? I have so much to contribute to this trading but my posts are removed. Am I old enough now? Wouldn't it work with this much karma?
Just think. Whenever the bear market is over and we all have more coins than we did during the bullrun, then we get to go stupid long again and make even more.

I remember opening 10x longs during the bullrun and always regretted not going bigger. 25x, 50x

I trade 1x now, and even that is nail-biting at times.

Can’t wait for the next bullrun. I’ll be ready! and I’m feeling like we should start up a little bullrun this weekend. 
Welcome to era of Bitcoin 2.0 - a much more matured honey badger and aged, loves some power naps before going hunting. Don't get caught on the wrong side. 
Last three times we had a dip, we.immediately got a huge green candle instead of the dumps we had been having for the past 3 months.

You guys think this is the market establishing a bottom, a whale wanting the price to pump for whatever reason, both, or just pure hopium on my part?
This is the weirdest 1 day chart I've seen in a while. 
For what it's worth aabtc is long 15M
Is it time to sell it all and go all in? sell my house, sell my wife / kidz.. we shall know in next 12 hours.
I just got call from Bogdanov .
Told me to remove any sell under 7200 :-)
All right, I bit. I've been convinced the past couple days were sending accumulation signals and was just waiting for it. Opened an unleveraged long at 6960. Wide stop at 6495.

If it can stay above 7k I think we could easily short squeeze to 7700.
5000+ BTC sell wall on Bitfinex
I was not trading on the bull run (hodled from 11k, sold at 14k on the way down), did it happen back then that a rising wedge broke upward?
stopped out of my 6930 long for almost break even at 6941.  Something tells me this time it won't turn around and breakout like earlier today.
Wow these dips are legit getting eaten up. Interesting stuff. 
Looks good so far (bitfinex)

https://www.tradingview.com/x/7cZ7K38o

33k shorts again, let the squeeze continue
[removed]
First real attempt to un-Bart this and go through 6900 was met with fairly solid resistance
I'm hodl and adding on these big dips. Tinfoil hat time. I like to Google bitcoin under "news" and keep up with what media is saying about bitcoin. 

Anyone else notice how the media seems to all be actively spreading as much FUD as possible? It's almost like they are saying anything and everything to purposely suppress price by scaring new investors, as well as hoping to get people already invested to sell.

Some of the stories, since most people simply skim headlines, are all FUD. "Bitcoin is useless as gold." "IRS will arserape crypto investors." 

Alls I'm seeing is bitcoin up 4 percent and crypto market up 19 billion.  It's almost like some very wealthy people have the media running interference while they slowly get in position before we Btc takes off. When media is spreading mass FUD like this, it has yet to fail me getting a good position. 

Crypto is run by very wealthy early adopters who likely all communicate and coordinate when to sell, when to accumulate, etc. Don't beleive me? Try it for yourself and look at it from this perspective. You might be glad you did.

Rockfellers are also in the game now. 
http://thebitplex.com/2018/04/07/rockefeller-crypto/
The GDAX price has not moved more than $0.01 in 17 minutes O_o
It's against the resistance line of that big falling wedge on the 4h this could get interesting
Wow... Those sell walls that popped up on Finex... 5k worth.

Edit... Just got pulled
I'm DCA'ing into a position and am clueless how big (or small) to go with each purchase. Would anyone mind sharing their position building strategy?
This long was supposed to be a quick scalp and went further up than I expected, was going to set up for good short position. It's hard to remember to not marry a position and that the main trend is down.

Hedging the long with a small short for now. SL at 8800 and 7060.
Lots of shorts were opened during the sideway before the inverted bart, with stops just above the current price. If this breaks up the short squeeze will be glorious. Seems a lot of longs are opening betting on it.
Since I never saw a Bart pattern break upwards and the eventual longs funding pump time is over on Bitmex, it's time to look for a short entry with stops above 6900. If 1h RSI hits 70, that's a clear sell 
Just got stopped out. Soros strikes again.
Rockefeller’s $3 Billion Venture Capital Firm Begins To Invest In Cryptocurrency
http://thebitplex.com/2018/04/07/rockefeller-crypto/
[removed]
I could see a short to medium term reversal, but we've got a long way to go and a lot of resistance to fight through. All we've managed to do is hold (this) long term log support.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/FkNiJeAL/

If it fails the blue resistance we could be forming a descending triangle along the log support which could be problematic.

In fact that's sort of the problem with each of these--we're running out of time to break through these log resistances to avoid forming a descending triangle right along log support, against the blue, maroon or orange lines. Not to mention the old log support (light blue) that's been untested.

Not saying it's impossible, but how many times have we heard this one--we have a long way to go. This doesn't even mention the possible horizontal resistances at the round numbers.

Currently underwater in a short and leaving it for now and certainly not in love with that. I'll open up a long if we break blue resistance as I think 7500 would be a fairly reasonable target and 7800-8000 as an optimistic one. But that's getting ahead of things.
No one else thinks this is just going to bart right back down to 6600?
Ben Shapiro mentioned BitIRA on his show today as one of his sponsors, although that seems like nothing, it's a fairly strong indicator, he has a big and loyal following, and he's a smart chap. He mentioned that BitIRA is the same people at Birch gold group.

He talked about bitcoin as a hedge against government intervention and also how volatility isn't the only quality (?) of Bitcoin as it's still young.

One of his financial mentors had advised him to buy bitcoin.

Shapiro doesn't just plug any old crap (even when they are sponsoring him) so it is a positive when someone like that shows confidence in it IMO.
Long again, this time from 7005 with stop at 6969. Let's see if this can hold 7k for a while and then pump a little more to continue the weird etch-a-sketch staircase. 
Question, I've been been hodling trough Q3 and 4 last year. Not much good at trading but i've been paying closer attention to the market. I noticed there are huge spikes in volume. First buying followed by selling and repeat. Seems tempting to trade on this action what do you guys think? I'm not sure the volume is the reason or the result of price movement though..

although iamheavy on my short and have ladders all the way to 8.4k 

went 25x smallish long on june futs just for kicks, if it were to shoot up great if not my shorts would cover and once it goes back below 6.7k dont think its gonna come back up. 
I got a feeling it'll go sideways until close to the daily close
My daily analysis looking at:

* Bitcoin's sudden bullish turn
* Ethereum holding its consolidation zone
* Bitcoin Cash as it continues to drift lower on low volume
* Litecoin's retest of support
* Monero gently breaking its bullish consolidation 

https://steemit.com/cryptocurrency/@matthew-analysis/daily-crypto-analysis-7th-apr-technical-analysis
It's like a bunch of noobs figured out how to short. They are going to get squeezed eventually. Swap buckets mayhem.
Short from $7,030 with stops above $7.5K. See you all at $5.9K in about a week.
Followed /u/MikeXBT on his $7M long yesterday (thanks for posting it here!) with a small long at ~6550 DCA. Woke up to see a pretty solid profit. Closed the position for now at 6840 and will re evaluate after my first coffee. 
got stopped out of my 6712 long at 6790.  Looks like another bart
Been following this descending triangle https://imgur.com/a/3f3xm 

Could be a couple of more days to go, but sunday is definitely one option to fall through here. Technical target around 4800, but that would mean falling through even the main descending channel support. So probably not that steep of a fall. 

Thoughts? Any reasons this formation is not valid? 
So, where can I apply for a trader non volatility ADHD addiction detox?

This market is killing me inside(well I was already dead since the 2014 bear market and ETH DAO Hack but anyway) and for every hour I realize half of the fun is the volatility and waves and not to look at T-bond like 50 cent moves. It's like being a pro ocean sailor that does those fancy around the world races and now everything is jus flat sea
Using Bitfinex charts, we now have two picture-perfect tests and bounces (almost to the exact dollar) off of the resistance-turned-potential-support line drawn from the recent $9k and $7.5k highs. While not as important of a resistance line as the main resistance line of the descending wedge, it's still a pretty big one. Traditionally, once an important resistance line is breached, long traders want to see the resistance line retested from above with some nice bounces to confirm it as support. That's what we're seeing so far. It's not an ironclad "YOLO all in long!" signal by any means, but definitely some supporting ammo for the bull case. Let's see how it goes.
Closed my short from $7,030 at $6890. Will re-open higher if this is a fakeout or when $6.8K breaks (since we're going a lot lower if this is not a fakeout).
Dang gdax volume sooo low, 8.7k over 24 hours

During the fall there were tons of days over 100k
Long from 6913. Taking a bit of a gamble since we have yet to climb out of the falling wedge ( learning basic TA ) if we break out of it I’m assuming we may see a decent push upwards. Just a small trade since just yesterday i made my first ever leveraged trade. I know we are coasting at the top and typically we should be heading downward, but I dont see a short being a viable option right now. 
Looks a lot like the price action before the pump 12 hours ago. Better place a stop on your shorts. 
It feels a lot like a reversal. The 24hr bearflag that just got denied could just give buyers the confidence to put their fiat back in and give traders the confidence they need to start closing their short hedges from 7500
Hmmm, seems to be an inverse Bart formation.
Going short at 6919 and closing my long from 6597. 
going for a risky trade given the momentum. Stops right above 7K.
Not a great place to open a long if you're not already in one, we're overbought on 30m and 1h and running into resistance at 7k and likely more at 7.1k

https://www.tradingview.com/x/sKjf1Btb/
Once again, just before a rapid jump up we get a disproportional swing down.

Is that swing down a stop loss hunt for people that longed? 

I longed 6600 to 6800 with a stop 6550. If i had hard stop loss i wouldve chopped out. Someone has got to do that on purpose right? but what do they gain? how does that work?
TA doesn't work for me anymore. So I have decided to use Time Honoured Trades which means I open positions at specific times during the day regardless of market conditions or news. I also close out positions at specific times. So far so good.

Disclosure: This form of trading requires huge discipline.
Seems to be some resistance at 7050 - closed half my position just in case. Bad move? Still pretty bullish but would be into rebuying in the 6900 range before another move up. All guesswork no TA.
Zoom out. Maintain capital reserves. Enjoy.
Might be one of the last days to get your shorts in above 7k. Invest/gamble responsibly. 
Short from 7035, target 6600 with stop at 7101. I have no belief that we can break through the monthly downtrend. A higher volume resulted in a lower bump compared to 1st april indicating more resistance and/or lower pump pressure. Also 1hr RSI oversold and FOMO being spread in channels. 

Edit: If we linger at 6700 or 6800 I may close there instead.
This will certainly be an interesting week.

Price has found new base at mid to high 6Ks. Indicators suggest that there may be some further upside. Daily MACD and RSI is slowly curving to the upside. 

There’s also recent news that seems to suggest that one of Bitfinex banking partners has had its money seized under the suspicion of theft involving one Belgium official and drug cartels. It’s speculated that the money stolen was converted to Bitcoin on Bitfinex, potentially sparking a new narrative with buttloads of more FUD. Will be following this one closely. Read more about it [here](https://reddit.com/r/bitfinex/comments/8actyg/poland_seized_300_millions_eur_from_bitfinex_bank/).


and WTF was that..........
Any thoughts about George Soros's fund trading crypto?
[removed]
4hr stoch RSI reset and its still 500 off the previous high 
GDAX is currently flirting with four digit 24-hour volume again, even after the 4 hour close.
[deleted]
Can somebody explain to me what's happening? At the daily "global average" logarithmic chart BTC/USD I see two high volume jumps, followed by flat and low volume. Does not look like an "organic" price movement or does it? One would almost think it's a pump ... But correct me if I'm wrong. Or someone is putting a condom on the traditional, low volume Sunday dump to avoid <6700 ... Opinions please.
Anyone use SCMR trends or the SCMR suite? I'm wondering if it's still worth looking into. I remember hearing about it fairly often in the past and it looked like a pretty sweet tool, but lately I haven't seen or heard much about it. Is it still a thing?

Perhaps it's still worthwhile and I just don't see it around cause it's out of the hype phase. Or maybe it's no longer as effective as it once was and isn't worth using/purchasing? It looks like you can no longer buy it through TradingView, you can only get it on the SpyderCrusher website (which isn't a very pro looking site tbh) after a bit of digging. Not very confidence inspiring. 

Kobayashi-san, was that you? How weak you have grown, old friend!  You seem to have spent your power. Perhaps time to do the honorable thing and fall on your sword.
So, yesterday we fell into an inverse bart formation that completed just now. We are now officially “reverse barting”; a tell-tale sign of a bottom and subsequent reversal.

Pack up bears; checkmate
Bart breaking upwards ? interesting times. Got stoppped out of my shorts at 6900 :O

Bitmexico down as usual...
expecting a reversal here if we flatten out at previous support.
https://imgur.com/a/1p8op
[removed]
A buy order of around 1k BTC on Bitfinex would bring us out of this wedge:

[https://imgur.com/a/4Emnc](https://imgur.com/a/4Emnc)

I think the next hours are important, because if we fail here, we will not stop at 6.5k the next time when we are going down, wedge support would be then at around 6.1k. If I see this not breaking up I close my tiny margin long here and hold my positions, I will close them with a stop loss order at break even if we fall down.
Well thank God I took both sides of the trade beforehand. Dush in disbelief if my ideal scenario plays out here. 
[removed]
Luckily the exchanges can simulate an active market to keep it from falling.  
Do we have an explanation for that massive green candle earlier? You know the one.
As painful as it was to close out an underwater short, did it right before this big ol pump. I can take a win within a loss
Interesting day so far. Increased volatility compared to yesterday, generally optimistic for bulls, but 7k is proving to be difficult to sustain. Rather important to hold to keep momentum for tomorrow.
Relatively positive article linked from Drudgereport.com right now (29 million hits a day) 

http://www.pewtrusts.org/en/research-and-analysis/blogs/stateline/2018/04/06/tiny-towns-small-states-bet-on-bitcoin-even-as-some-shun-its-miners
We've just wicked below the resistance-turned-support line on the third test, but are back above and gently caressing it from both sides. Seems to be a crucial short-term battleground for bulls vs. bears...I think a decisive breakdown will trigger a big red dildo, while a bounce back above is unlikely to trigger a breakout (more likely just further consolidation below $7k).
[deleted]
Reversal doji on the 4hr closing in aprox 20 min, think this could be the leg down to 6k?
Way too bullish in here but good luck everyone!
Flipped my perp short into a long and opened the short on june futures instead. I dont want to pay the fee for shorting + i plan to close this long at 7.7 if we get there and go all in on a hedge short again. 

Ideal price action for me now is: pump to 7.7 so i can close my long and add to my short then dump to sub 2k. If we drop from here ill close my short at 6.4 and ride the june futures to the abyss
If this isnt a fakeout downwards then it is extremely bearish that we did not even get close to our previous top at 7.4 before getting rejected. 

Have to think the next big move will be down if this falls back to 6.6.-6.8.
the 100 and 200 hourly MAs are exactly at the same level and that's where attempts at another leg up are being rejected. 
Took some profits but I think this still has more to climb. Will close completely if shorts drop under 30k, and my target is still 7.1-ish.

Edit: I may get out completely here, actually. Longs are climbing a lot which seems to be the only demand. Those shorts may actually get a second chance to get out.
What a night, was stuck in my long from 6800 on swaps and then opened another at 6500 something on futures. Woke up at 4 am, saw they were in profit and thought "well this is the typical bart chop" and market closed. Then of course it was time to move a few 100$ higher :) 

At least I think from a psychological price anchor perspective that 6400 is a strong bottom support is good
I have a question for the more experienced traders here: instead of putting a low leveraged long/short with a tight stoploss, could you not just go 50/100x long/short with like 1% of your XBT stack? That way, liquidation would be your stoploss and you could maybe avoid any extra loss via slippage? 
I'm almost tempted to add to my short here if it fails to break 7k..... I've also screwed myself doing the same in the past. Apparently I like to learn the hard way. 
Looks like 7k is some resistance after all eh?

I expect us to make it to 7200 on this, but who knows.

PS: the fractals are mind boggling. Inverse Bart the true reversal pattern :)
Still rolling with my long from $7300. Growing more confident by the hour that it will close profitably.
I feel like the "death cross" has been memed and countermemed against to death so much that people...kinda now forgot it happened.

(and I know it's a lagging indicator but it still is going to be one of the things that makes me hesitant to believe in any reversal)
I've never used leverage because quite frankly I don't like the idea of getting liquidated, but I've been reading up on it and my understanding now is that it could function as a way to limit risk? That is, rather than betting my whole stack to get a decent amount of potential profit, I can just bet a fraction and use leverage to get the potential earnings of a larger amount, with the risk being that if things go pear shaped the amount I put in can get liquidated? Is that correct?

If so, surely using leverage is actually a pretty good idea, even if you just want to use fairly low amounts?
Impending loop:

As more convert to crypto to avoid ['legal' or illegal] freezing of assets, governing bodies will more swiftly freeze assets... leading to more preemptively converting to crypto. 

Governing bodies have diminishing power/reach. It's bleak. And this changes attributes i.e. becoming more 'trigger happy' to exercise power.




Am I the only one thinking the news released yesterday about the Polish authorities seizing half a billion dollars worth of bank accounts is the tip of the iceberg that will eventually lead to bitfinex's collapse? No one seems to have cared about that story.
If there was a double bottom, I guess this would be it
[Better lucky than smart I guess.... short closed, daily profit made.](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8afnvv/daily_discussion_saturday_april_07_2018/dwzhwnm/)
Not the most bullish setup I've ever seen

https://www.tradingview.com/x/z6p62h1g/
4h Bbands tight, 12h Bbands tight af! at the boarder of the wedge. If this breaks up I see us at 8k in 2 days. 50/50 still all in with fiat and with a tiny margin long.
I think it's the start of the weekend dump.
First short limit filled at 6890 while I was watching a movie. This is close to where my wick sell filled yesterday at 6935 so all it tells me is that were back in yesterday's position: breakdown into a bear flag from 7000s. 

Am I missing something extremely bullish about being at yesterday's price? 

Edit: and I see that 2k shorts closed in the meantime. Congratulations, we have more longs than shorts in an EXTREMELY bearish market and we have only managed to drop 70% in 3 months despite a net positive effect of leverage on the price. Just hilarious how people expect a short squeeze when longs still outnumber shorts and have continued to do so constantly throughout a 70% drop. It's really remarkable. 
Been doing 3 long/short positions today with considerably bigger contracts size that I am used to, getting a few 2% here and there. Now the hard part to not get greedy and think "wow this is nice" until I get caught in the wrong size of the move. 

As usual at least the strategy halving the position each time works quite well so far. 

Then where the pole of this Bart pattern move will do next, that's the real question
For the record, I bought in with stops at 6650 late last night, moving to alts at 6750. Going well so far, seems like we're forming some sort of bull flag right now. If the current daily candle holds (which I'm expecting) there's a bullish divergence on the daily. Mobile so no chart.

Would be surprised if this doesn't attempt 7-7.2k, and if it breaks up through there I would look for a break of 7.5k to make a double bottom and maybe attempt 8-8.2k? We'll see how it looks if it makes it up to the mid 7ks... Trying to not get ahead of myself.

Then again I thought 7.5k resistance (which admittedly is the zone of a 2017 log support you can draw) wouldn't hold and it did so playing it very cautious. Maybe 7-7.2 will be too much for us now. Maybe we won't get there.

Edit: broke up towards 7 right after posting this.

If this fails to break 7.5 but gets up to 7.2, maybe 7.3, could set up a hidden bear div on the daily as well.
sideways for another 12 hours?
[deleted]
Anybody has a site or spreadsheet they like that is crypto-futures friendly? I've been keeping track on my own spreadsheet but I'm sure there's better ones out there.
When people say "we would have to run up to xxxx to not have bearish RSI divergence", how do you calculate that xxxx?
So... anyone opening a position here?
Allegations that Bitfinex is implicated in fraud: Bitfinex FUD article from Cointelegraph that could push BTC price down, something to keep an eye on.
https://cointelegraph.com/news/unconfirmed-polish-prosecutors-seize-400-mln-amid-allegations-bitfinex-is-implicated-in-fraud
[deleted]
[removed]
Wtf  this thing has been in a rising wedge forever!   When its it gonna break down.  Or whats the sentiment going around?
Holy shit look how low this volume is.
This is george soros buying! LOL
come on little puppy, one more push: https://imgur.com/a/lcCyi
Falling wedge. https://i.imgur.com/b4vwVdr.png

Shorts are high. If this is the bottom then I see it pumping a bit. $8600 short squeeze.
Back in long on 6930.  I don't think we go up much from here.  6 hour RSI is back to the middle.  Best case we get a double top with the previous bounce.  

I must say this low volatility is great for setting stops.  I wish it was always this easy to catch the pumps.
my second short order at 6999 got filled.

have ladders every 200$ all the way to 8.4k and fully expect it to happen.

if everything gets hit my dca shoud be 7.7k
[deleted]
Finally, the bitmex rektousarus has awakened, first post in 3 hours

The big party just got started
96 hours until my prediction of a daily close under 6k. 

!remindme 96 hours 
no sympathy for anyone being liquidated, especially the ones who are long term bullish. Let the market breathe you fucks
[Wedge broken, EMA9 about to cross SMA20 on its way down](https://www.tradingview.com/x/WevkqFvR/). Time for a short.
[removed]
[removed]
Anything above 7100 in short term is delusional, imho. The monthlong downtrend is coming at us hard. and I'm guessing we won't even get close to that. If we get to 7k I'm shorting. I'd put it in here  6860 but I am not certain if we go 7k first.
$7000 on bitfinex! we made it.
[deleted]
1h RSI touching overbought.  Trying a reshort here at 6990 , at least this will grow to a sideways Bart hair line 
[Useful tool for coin tracking](https://www.bitcoinmonitor.today). It was posted recently [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/8ah1np/compare_cryptocurrency_prices_across_exchanges/) in /r/dataisbeautiful
[removed]
[removed]
Nice overnight pump but I'm sure it's perfect timing for a run over the weekend to 6k based on pretty much every weekend for the last few months. Taking profits.
I am very much a newbie, but this sub has helped me so much.  I've not started using leverage, don't plan on it either, but I've started to milk out 1-3 % a day, purely based on the sentiment of this group.  Well, I do ignore the extremities of both bulls and bears.  Put me in the bull category. Bitcoin is here to stay and prosper.  Alt coins are too.  I've seen how VC firms etc are already starting to participate and catch up.  So much new money on the sidelines.  Personally,  just on fundamentals, I think 6k is the bottom, with 5k being the  absolute worst case.  

Of course my guess is as good as yours.  I just get the vibe that crypto is here to grow.  We are still very much the early adopters 

I do think, that unless BTC can either wow on the transaction/ blockchain app development side it will be gone once fiat pairs happen.  It meets store of value criteria, just not that many folks see it as such. Plus new money will flow into the new ideas, now that it is getting more established as a viable non correlated investment.
Closed my 2x leverage short at 6812 today for a tiny profit of about 0.04 BTC, kind of disappointed as the price has always been flat when I'm free and all, but the moment I decide to go out and have some fun with my friends price pumps and when I whip my phone out I get a real nasty feeling of losing 0.06 BTC of unrealised profit, which for some reason has always stuck around on my head as 0.01 BTC= $100 
4 days until the daily closes under 6k. Modified my long exit target to 7.2 and will ladder in all my shorts by that price. 

Bulls are on the verge of collapse, expect a massacre if we hit sub 6.4 and the long:short flippening as well. 
Are you guys expecting the usual Sunday dip again? the price just spiked another 100 usd so i don't even know what to expect anymore 

edit: since it doesn't dip every sunday let's rephrase

what are your sell targets this time?
Resistance of the wedge turned support?
waiting for confirmation at 7300 before doing anything
[removed]
[removed]
If George Soros wants to trade crypto, he better be careful not to end up B O G G E D. He's a small fry compared to the monsters that dwell in these waters. I don't think he knows what he's getting himself into. The Bogdanoffs will soon have him begging for food on the streets.
Wow woke up to see greens. Thought it’d still be in the range of 6600-6610.

This is a good sign for holders, isn’t it? I mean, btc has made its decision to go up after being flat for a while (for what seemed to be forever)
Is this a h&s on the 3hr? Whats the target?
[deleted]
Bull flag getting squeezed against support. Should break soon
[deleted]
[removed]
Bogdanov called me again . 
Now I have to remove all sell orders up to 7450 :-)
hilarious mate.

city got proper stuffed.

hope liverpool kick em out of europe.

boy, do i hate city.
Helluva game.
2-0 up and they fucked it up, City is their name :~)
Great trade, enjoy the gains.
what??? 5990? where?

It didnt go that low on futs
To get this right you made 4% on a $7M position so you cleared $280k profit in less than 24 hrs ? Am I understanding this correctly. 

I’m mean, I read about this, see it in the movies but never did I think in this sub we would see these sorts of positions. 

Really well done. 
I hope we won't see you on @BitmexRekt anytime soon.
7 million ? 
[removed]
Mike, congrats on the trade...if I may ask, do you work with aabtc or any of the other Mex heavy hitters at all? Or are you a lone wolf?
Hi Mike, i'm wondering what kind of leverage would you be using with these large positions?
You said $500k and 6685 originally...... but congrats on the trade and congrats on the edit

Edit: disregard post.. BAD POST
Must be a lot of stop losses on shorts above that wedge resistance. Good place to catch a wick. 
Good call.  I've got a feeling history may repeat itself.
Bankroll management FTW! Or at least... for the not-loss.

Vaguely relevant cautionary tale: when I went to university, 18 years old, first time living away from home, bunch of other 18/19 year olds etc... we went down to the local club that had pokies (Aussie for slot machine). 

This one kid put a single dollar in one machine, pushed one button, won $50.

Massive gambling problem for the next two years. Lost a couple of grand, which for an 18 year-old student in the mid-1990s, was a shitload.

TL;DR: buy Ripple, it's guaranteed to do... something.
Try not to make a trade until you genuinely feel confident in the reasons for the trade and that you have a target for the trade and also have wiggle room if it moves against you in addition to a point where you will close the trade without question if you’re underwater. Make good trades with good judgement!!
Take a % of your "winnings" and play with that. Be concrete on your own limits dude.
I think the bottom for 2018 was set February. If not, I doubt the price will go under $5k.
Unless at some point people will be paying you to take their bitcoin.
what's different about this argument and alts? 

And at what point do you think there will be a top? 
Altcoins bottomed-ish and traders impatient from btc being a bit boring last 3-4 days.

A couple of announcements like this and i can see altcoin fomo creeping in.

EDIT: or am in still denial and we get another 2 month bear
Long 6615>6840, reopened at 6850 this morning closed at 6975 thinking 7K might be big resistance that. Seems about right for now. Not sure what to feel. Feel like this is delayed reaction to Soros news. Other than that volume on gdax is anemic. Sub 10btc, 15min candles just shows its whales controlling market.
what worries me are the long intervals between pumps. luckily i benefited from both but it just seems like there are no organic buys and just orchestrated pumps and a matter of if you can catch them or not. there were literally 7btc volume 15 min candles on Gdax. Hell i bought and sold more than that in the last 12 hours.
I think we need some type of catalyst to kick start us again...ETF maybe?
I think you cut the line at 9k to close, IMO it never broke out

https://www.tradingview.com/x/dOaNOG2c/
God speed.
Agree in theory. Also 4.5k would be a decent target for this descending triangle (https://imgur.com/a/mAC58) if it breaks down. Normal target would be lower but 4.5k is fair due to likely heavy support.

That said, it's also fair to attempt to buy in/long on these bounces if you can manage a good entry just for the slight possibility the *"it's different this time"* crowd is actually right for once. And you still get some profit if it isn't different, plus say this goes all the way to 8k before turning back around. Much easier on your mental state to be in a decent position then.
Excellent, thank you.
usd has moved around a lot in the same timeframes, even in the last year it's lost 10% to the euro. 

I think this has been kind to the price as btc is mostly traded in usd so it looks cheaper to the rest of the world.
great info thanks
Where $ value are you starting the fib from?
Bitcoin ticker seems to alert promptly and reliably
Well done man, that's one of the many beauties of BTC :)
Trading view SMS alert
 Bitcoin Checker on Android is good
Starting to think maybe i should go long. Weve got lots of fake big sell walls placed way more than usual and this sudden buying tells me these guys plan on removing the walls and btc will pump
I tend to think it's MMs testing the resiliency of the market, if satisfying (immediatly bought, be it shorts closing, genuine buying, or longs opening doesn't matter) then it will go up.
I'm not convinced that those were really attempts to dump out of the pattern. I suspect these are tests.

[Look here at this most recent one](https://www.tradingview.com/x/tU7cj3qT/). Notice it took a certain level of volume to dump to a certain level; notice it took less volume to recover that level.
It means none of what we're doing matters. Just whales playing.
retail interest is very low, the big players are just trying to steal each others coins now
[removed]
Thank you guys, I didn't expected this much in 10 minutes from you guys, well I must admit, this sub goes on 24/7 with the markets, so every minute is just as valuable. :) 

I had invested and lost some coins in the past. I am not a text book trader, however, I have learnt so much from this sub, at the same time, have so much to share with everyone.

I am having fourth consecutive successful run with the price, two shorts for the first time previously and then two longs, opened present one at 6.7 and holding on to it, I see the value I won't sell it for this much as of now with current conditions.

Happy trading guys, its weekend, a different one. :)


Nope can't read it :-/
Welcome, friend
Ahh!  My eyes!  It burns!
I see u
Can't read, where's my glasses?
So much? such as? 
[removed]
I'm actually quite happy that I'll be able to short with high lev from perhaps as high as 8.4k down to 5.8 or so because I'm quite confident this isn't over. For now a realistic target is 7.2-7.3 tho :

https://www.tradingview.com/x/KU6uMZLx

If (big if) the upward channel breaks up, pretty sure this will go higher than 8k


If from now on we got to wait for the 1H BBAnds to close to see movement that's a pretty good way to enjoy the spring :)
all of the above.
feels like whales playing games.  they see the low volume and can't resist messing with us plebs.
[removed]
He was actually long 30mil across 2 accounts, avg around 7k. Not sure if he's closed the other one out or not. Also he's on cross with little to no leverage so he can watch btc go to 100$ if it wants to and wait it out while collecting funding due to all the shorts. He's collecting tons on funding due to the position size. 
Where did you see this? 
I used to worry about this stuff until Angelo got rekt and isn't on leaderboards anymore. every one of these dudes will get rekt at some point. you don't get to leaderboards without having basically 0 risk management
Sell the wife and kids.. No need to go mental and sell the house 
I heard Coinbase announced that they are starting the first margin trading platform where you can use indentured servitude as collateral
I feel this needs more upvotes..
Staying above 7k here would be very significant. Important psychological number and the downtrend from that 9k double top crossing here. 
bullish tbh
TA rules only help for an educated guess with bitcoin, so if it disobeys a pattern it’s not out of the ordinary 
yea it was happening constantly.  But every few months when a big dip happened it would also usually happen on a rising wedge.
I still think we pump to 7.1-7.2 but youre probably right. 
Also known as the "don't have a cow man" pattern
rare
almost literally catbug!

http://www.toonbarn.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/wtVv8F5.png
Meow 
Or maybe media tends to follow sentiment for more views/clicks and has a pre-existing negative bias toward pretty much everything.
it's funny, the only media I ever see is just 'BITCOIN IS CRASHING' I don't know if I'm just missing all the stories about bitcoin going up but if you believed everything in the media, you'd think bitcoin was worth negative money. 

It'd be really interesting to see some stats on positive bitcoin articles vs negative in the MSM.
CNBC is a total cheerleader even in this bear run.
This is good for bitcoin. 
not trusting a no name author writing an article on a no name blog. Released today probably 5 mins before the pump started. Nah.
I guess we gonna break that line. If this 4h candle confirms break, it is gonna be big, with all that short squeeze and stop losses.
Appear, then pulled, whale is like, " calm down bulls, remember I'm here ?" .
How long do you intend to hold your position, months? years?

I'll usually do weekly/monthly buys of an asset, increasing my cash contribution above my "base" buy amount if the current value is below my DCA, often by the percentage (or a multiple of a percentage) the asset is below my DCA.

IE: Base purchase monthly is $500, asset is 20% below my DCA, as a result my purchase for the month would be $600.
If you're changing the size of the DCA then it's not a DCA anymore. 

If the size varies with each purchase then you're weighting one purchase as being more probable to win then another. Now you're in the zone of trying to time the market and place your largest bids at the correct times, defeating the purpose of DCA.

If you're looking to daytrade with a position sizing system then there are several. Things like Turtle Trading, Kelly Betting and the like. They all have their benefits/flaws.
My nigga you out here bout to get rekt... Don't hide. Take your L like a man. Can't have that kind of bravado on the webs then go into witness protection. 
1) trade in tight range 2)let short and longs get impatient 3) rekt side with the most open 
This is so ridiculous. Longs havent gotten squeezed after a 50% drop from 11.8k but a 2% pump is going to be the death of bears? 

This is the new hopium for this sub i suppose, next it might be that soros is going all in on bitcoin with 1trillion contracts on 100x leverage. 

The lower we drop the more delusional bulls will get.
good luck 
If i got stopped out at 7k, and why the fuck would i put a stop just low enough to get wicked?, thats exactly what i would aim to do (open higher).

EDIT: why mention me then remove the mention?
I heard from a friend that they will be buying DOGE coin
All the richest guys are obviously coming in to short after a massive drop /s. 
At very least, a power/financial risk hedging consideration.
Cryptocurrencies, not Bitcoin. Also, they want to invest in companies, not currencies themselves.
i closed mine from 6.5 :( and on top of it i shorted at 6.8 ;(( 
When they start dumping again it could be back at 6600 in an hour.
Be careful going long if the blue line is breached. Breakout traders are getting completely annihilated in this market recently. 
It's possible if a whale decides so, but for now the RSI is rather bullish on all timeframes
Zoom out, it was an inverted Bart
Use volume as an indicator, not a standalone trading tool. Let it back up your analysis.

Volume is tricky to read, especially on multiple time frames so use it with caution.

Looking for huge spikes on longer time frames can definitely suggest a reversal, and if you can find confluence/divergence you're golden.
just be prepared to lose.

This market does whatever the fuck it wants.

You’ll get some right, some wrong. But if you’re new I would advise you to just buy and sell. Don’t use leverage and stay away from futures for now, sonce they’re far more volatile.

If you trade on Mex, you can do buy and sel by just shorting 1x. When you close your short, you bought back.

I’ve been sticking to 1x shorting and sometimes 1x longing since eqrly Feb and I 2xd my BTC, so good luck!
upvote. have no clue why people downvote you for bringing us free analysis. thanks for what you do
"Bitcoin's sudden bullish turn"
"Ethereum holding its consolidation zone"
"Bitcoin Cas as it continues ot drift lower on low volume"


I'm sorry but this is stupid. Bitcoin hasn't taken a suddent bullish turn. Its going up. Kinda to be expect after going down a fuckload this month. Also ethereum and bitcoin cash are both more % today than bitcoin, but you wouldn't say, ethereum or bitcoin cash' sudden bullish turn.

Just looks like an article straight out of one of the crypto news agencies (aka a biased viewpoint) 
Whatever helps you sleep at night
Why not wait to short until you see how high this run goes? It just broke out of a falling wedge, so it could have some legs short-term.
[removed]
Will be the best trade of your life. 
Or the stop loss headfake before the breakout 
Looks like it was another Krusty 
I see that too, and as I posted late last night, the medium and long term problem bubbling is that if we fail any of these resistances, we are likely to form one at some point

https://www.tradingview.com/x/FkNiJeAL/
If we breakdown here to 6600 area we will be painting a head and shoulder on the 6 hour which adds more fuel to ur assessment 
For what i read yesterday, a descending triangle must have multiple contact points from base to resistance. That one only has 1 maybe 2.
You and me both dude
It's just traders now. Traders use bitmex and bitfinex mostly
[deleted]
If that's your analysis why not wait for a break either way? 
I am thinking this will pump too.   Whales bought up that dip. Unless those buyers were idiots these guys have a real plan to pump this thing.  Watch the sell walls disappear in a few
Yeah kinda looks similar. However, yesterday during the pre-pump sidewards action ALOT of fresh shorts openend. This time, longs have increased in the sidewards action, so i'll go with a hedge short...
I think the real short term reversal will be much bigger than these weak 200$ pumps
Fiat and Saturday sound wierd when used in the same sentence.
a tell-tale sign that the bottom is in and a subsequent reversal is on the way
I would put stops above 7200, since that will probably be resistance again. I don’t think 7k has any real resistance right now, but I could be wrong
I'm thinking of hedging my 6800 short with a long. Just to be safe 
Risky and bad R/R, congrats.
Same pattern as yesterday.  Sideways, fakeout dump, then sideways, then big pump.  Bears can't seem to keep it down on those fakeout dumps, and whoever is buying to keep the price up has lots of money to spend.  For now, I would say we keep going up.
Please share results. I was thinking of some weather-wise trades. No position at night, sell when clouds obscure the sun, buy and hold when sun breaks out. Stop tightness in proportion to humidity and leverage in proportion to temperature.
TA does work, but the pumps and dumps are not natural. Therefor it doesn’t work with crypto. 
Another good one is to buy at the 24hr low and sel at the 24hr high (if it’s higher). Doesnt always work, but if you are patient, it usually works alright with tight stops of course
I do Poo Honoured Trades which means I only trade when Im pooing. So far 8% profit. 
Are weekend times identical to weekdays?
Always good to take profits.
Lack of patience IMO. If I were you I'd have just taken a portion instead of 100%.  I could be proven wrong in moments though!
Shorting/selling anytime the 1hr RSI is around 70 has been very effective. Also sitting right at the downtrend line, hard to be bullish here 
> A higher volume resulted in a lower bump compared to 1st april indicating more resistance and/or lower pump pressure.

Why can't this suggest someone is loading up on a long? If the conditions are right, I don't think it would be too difficult to program a bot that buys heavy when the sell side is overloaded (e.g. I think the trend will be up for the foreseeable future, so when asks are greater than or equal to x BTC up to price y, buy all supply up to y).
A green candle.
A good old fashioned stop loss / liquidation hunt. 
What the hell happened to this sub, why downvote a guy for a asking question.  how insular are you people, Jesus.  OP'S question is relevant due to the fact Soros has a track record of manipulating currencies. 
Well he wouldn't be getting in to short, time to short was above 10k, he's also an overstock investor, so i see that as pretty bullish. 
I think long term, more new money from competing parties with different times lines, agendas, motivations and tactics is a net positive regardless of which direction they place their bets, short/medium term is anyone’s guess 
You mean the excuse for an exit pump?
Wow you're going to be very disappointed 
Feeling bullish?
Too optimistic. Bulls should be happy if it manages to stay above 7k this month.
Weren’t you just calling for sub 2k and no ATH like less than 24 hours ago? 
Nice TA to support your prediction.
Actually the number of longs is concerning again and there's no reason we'll see more than 8.4 for now, if at all. While there is room for a big short squeeze I expect the buying interest to decrease again as we go up.
5*?
It's that simple actually, you're right. But what do we do of a higher low and lower high? Sideways forever I suppose heh.
Thanks Professor. 
From what I understand, the two high volume jumps are the group of traders who dared and took the initiative to turn around the market after it failed to go downwards.

These group of people have bought the coins and are holding on to these, thus you are seeing flat lines.

I believe more and more people will realize soon and start jumping on board, and you will see more long green candles, $6950 has become a great support, so long we can hold this, I see the way upwards. Or, could be a few red candles as well, but they won't be as big as the green ones comparatively. 
Worth it, yes.
[removed]
How do you figure? The unique thing about Bart formations is that they are notable price movements that are ultimately meaningless. But an inverse bart has extraordinary significance, signaling the end of a multi month bear market?
Nah I’m good I’ll be here for a while. Got my shit all over the place still not goin anywhere 
[removed]
Texting Soros
Don't be shy, hit that market buy
I'm thinking of buying 15, who's with me!
'we will not stop at 6.5k' - said with such authority when in reality you haven't got a clue

The amount of times we've heard on here 'we won't stop here'... And time and time again we do 
first up then down?
You're onto a new game, whale wars. 
It's amazing the power they have to get CNBC to run a daily segment on Bitcoin and to get organizations like the Soros one to make announcements about entering the space.  If you look at the mainstream media you could easily be convinced that there is interest in building a position in Bitcoin by some really key new players.  And the markets look like there is bid support as well from patient buyers absorbing the supply as others are convinced to sell into the unstoppable bear market.  It's all could really look like accumulation if one did not know better.
6.4 much support
Some people were convinced to sell their coins.


I'd like to know too. Was it the Soros story?
Good for you. Its a hard thing to do. I'm still hanging on to mine like an idiot... If this makes it much over 7k Im going to bail though. 
I closed a short before for a loss also. When i saw the flag "breaking" down entered a long... The fake outs are back, and going against them is proving profitable 
"Rather important to hold to keep momentum for tomorrow." 

If anyone was to ever point out the blindingly obvious.
That's pretty cool some small towns see the big picture and are giving crypto a chance, I only see this getting bigger. 
It was also 5k 9 months ago
The relative length of the total doji candle (compared to the other candles) is a measure for its significance. This one is pretty small.
I refuse to believe that this is the real u/DushmanKush 
When dush go long its time to go short
How many times have you gone long since Jan?
I’m thinking about bailing on my short now lmaooo but I wanna see what happens if/when it breaks 7k
Would you close out a short for a small loss at this point? I have a low leverage short that is a little underwater and I'm trying to decide if I should cut it loose or not. I don't think we have hit bottom yet but these whale games are making me nervous. 
Shorts not opening, if it's a fakeout, it's not working.
Yes we could see around 500-700 within 12h when this continues
Not really. If it's a whale accumulating, he's not going to just jam the price up the way the other guy jammed it down. He's going to try to get the best price he can, and he'll use shorts to get the quickest pop he can. It's a lot easier to drive this market up than down, but you wouldn't want to do it too fast.
https://www.tradingview.com/x/aQgXa51g/

setting up to be a head and shoulders if it heads back down to ~$6600 from here, target would be ~$5700

although it would be a continuation pattern not a reversal...i'm not sure if those exist 
yep,
have sells staggered from 6.86( which just got filled)

all the way to 8k .



dca shud be 7.5 or thereabouts.

would be lovely if that happened. 

fingers crossed.
I hope so, would be nice to fill my short again above 7000, but I'm starting to doubt we will get that high. Looks pretty ripe for another leg down tbh :/
It’s not a higher low, but I think if 5900 was really not the bottom, then the bottom should be above 5k. It will take some serious psychological tormenting to get sellers to feel comfortable selling at 6400 tbh
Shorted 6780 but that didnt work also. Closed for a small loss. I rather be out of position until market makes its mind... It seems we are going back to a tight range again 
Yes but then youre essentially gambling for a perfect entry. 
That's just flipping a coin.
You run a significant higher stop  loss risk - your stop may be "run" giving you very ad executions.
[deleted]
If this will be anywhere like previous then we may hit 8 before falling.
If 7200 gets rejected i would close part. Good luck 
Indian down pressure also did not mean shit. I am drunk
Why?

It's just that people don't understand the meaning. It just means that the tendency to the low in 50 days is more steep than in 200 days. 

It alone just means "We are in a bear market" Which is a not shit sherlock. for something that moves as fast as bitcoin. 

In context, it can mean many things. We death cross and inmeditely cross back, bullish.

We cross the moving average back and immediately death cross again, bearish. 

We cross it down and we dump hard? Capitulation begins

We cross it up and we pump hard? Start of a bull market. 

Seriusly, a proper Death Cross for bitcoin would be SMA 5 and SMA 30 or something like that. 

Which btw, with 4h candles gives a lot of interesting information about bitcoin and i will defintively start using it from now on. 
A few people got close, but the answers so far are surprisingly lackluster.

When you trade your whole stack on spot (no leverage) you have no liquidation risk, but high counterparty risk (the risk that the exchange gets hacked, shut down, exit scams, etc. in which case all your money and crypto is probably gone).

When you trade with leverage, you increase your liquidation risk, but decrease your counterparty risk (by keeping only part of your stack on the exchange, and leveraging up based on your risk tolerance to more or less than your full stack, as desired).

If you're not concerned with counterparty risk (you should be, but maybe you're ok with it, etc.) then you can achieve the "limiting losses" part without leverage, just by setting stops instead.

Let me know if that helps, or if I should explain anything further.
Most rational traders only margin trade with a % of their total stack ie 10%.

Would be very stupid to put your whole balance on a trade
Yes. It can also be used to limit your exposure to the risk of having your capital on an exchange. 


What you're describing will decrease your counterparty risk.(exchange getting hacked) It won't make a difference on your positions exposure since it's the same size.
Any time you use leverage or margin you are borrowing money to trade and that is gambling my friend. 
what does leverage in this sense mean?
> eventually lead to bitfinex's collapse

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confirmation_bias

> is the tendency to search for, interpret, favor, and recall information in a way that confirms one's preexisting beliefs or hypotheses.

Seems I have you tagged as `Tethard`, could it be that your cognitions relating to Bitfinex are tainted and causing you to have irrational though processes?
FUD
link? did not read that.
HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM

https://www.forbes.com/sites/afontevecchia/2012/07/16/hsbc-helped-terrorists-iran-mexican-drug-cartels-launder-money-senate-report-says
Bitfinex

is

solvent

and

operating

legally

within

the clusterfuck of regulatory framework that a globally distributed decentralized currency such as Bitcoin currently operates within
Big cartels and dealers have alot of bitcoin from online markets.

its expected that this money will be found on exchanges at some point
https://www.reddit.com/r/bitfinex/comments/8actyg/poland_seized_300_millions_eur_from_bitfinex_bank/dwyr9xx/

shrug
If true, it will pump the price of BTC, easiest way to get out of finex
Are we seriously bragging about $50 per coin profits on trades now? Deary me. 
guess it's that falling wedge resistance and then the move to long term that is the eventual bullish breakout here, I am also looking at something similar. 

otherwise 6400 test
That's what you're supposed to think... I think. 
First we went up over 1000 % ,plenty of traders are here holding from 4 + years


I am thinking it breaks down.  Rsi flattened out.  And it looks like a tight rising wedge.  Lots of resistance above 6900 
Where do you see bullish div on daily?
followed by “eat my shorts”?
Feels like we are [taking the stairs](https://www.tradingview.com/x/jyNYc6nr/) up again. The [log resistance](https://www.tradingview.com/x/SHPMCE4U/) at 8800 looms though. 
My wedge resistance is around 7400-7500 if it were to green dildo right now, but more realistically looking at 7250 area as its a significant horizontal level and there will probably be some chop on the way. Volume on this supposed linear "breakout" is unconvincing and that what I would look for to decide whether or not the market is going to follow through. 

I've always traded/charted bitcoin with log and it hasn't failed me.

What I believe is happening is a rising wedge is forming on the hourly that could set us up for a breakdown lower. When you see these periods of completely flat consolidation it is akin to wedge formations.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/Ho9pPWiX/
no, you're right, my downtrend line is also broken. I expect a huge rally soon.
Right this moment I have the downtrend line at 7000: https://www.tradingview.com/x/DEW7cFuT/

And yeah, we did break it, but even though I just went long I still see all of this movement as whale testing. Sell, then buy, see how much volume of each was required to move the price by X%. Pump, then wait and see if the price holds, moves up a little, or trends down. All of this is information gathering.

But so far not much in the way of short covering.  
lol,

resistances and breakout points mean nought in this market.

i totally expect this to break 7.8 or something hit 8.1 and then drop. 
Tbh. I’d never trust anything I downloaded. So I’ve made my own too. 
I believe its because it has to make a New high or low, but i have little knowledge in this 
A hidden bearish divergence is when the price makes a lower high and RSI a higher high. Now for instance, just eyeballing the RSI you can tell that if it makes it up to 7300 or so the RSI on the 4 hr chart will be well above what it was at 7500.

That's what people are saying.

You could calculate the exact price (assuming it happens in the current candle) using the formula but most of us don't go through that trouble.
[removed]
short from 7k
Shorting from 6982... most because I am bored and can not handle the ADHD of watching 1$ swings but also because 15m crossed to the downside and 1h just touched and moved down from 70
Gambled on a long, against all odds...
Will stop it as soon as realize if a dump is real or fake. 
This whole blood in the street is a meme tho and doesn't reflect reality in any way. I think the question is more or less "are there more holders ready to sell at that price (at a loss or not) than fiat ready to buy?". It's the point the market is looking for I suppose.
What
Don't worry it's guaranteed to down soon. You can add to your short in fact. Forever rising wedges always break down. 
How and why would it be in a rising wedge "forever?"  If anything it looks like a bull flag and it has a good chance of breaking up.
Fomo is most dangerous when nobody is paying attention. Low volume is quickly becoming a bullish indicator regardless of price action. 
LOL! no. on this pathetic volume? 
Is that the log downtrend from 20k through 17k ?
Your chart is pleasing to look at
What distribution do you use while layering? Heavier positions in the end or in the beginning? 
In the last 48 hours or so, we have not seen it dropping by more than $100, when it did prior to those 48 hours, it bounced back.
closed your short ?
6 months til my predicted sub 2000 close. !remindme 6 months
How much BTC have you bought today?
also got a MA cross to the downside on 15m https://www.tradingview.com/x/qeMLGyCp
by cutting wicks you made your lines even MORE arbitrary
Lol cutting wicks much?

Please go short and feed my long.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/GYayXe0I
We are exactly 10% from our local low and you claim a victory?

Dat 1m chart tho
[removed]
Agree. Good place to short back to $5500. 
[deleted]
speak it into existence Lavar-style
12k for me then
I agree. We can anticipate a little more upside, 7200 max, but at some point should see a little selloff to the 6800 range again
[deleted]
My man on his hopium on a beautiful Saturday..
> "Anything above $1.5k, I wouldn't touch"

-You.  Recently.
Take this shit to /r/cryptocurrency. This is a trading subreddit, not a shill-zone. Everyone here already owns BTC and trades it regularly. Just because you short BTC doesn't mean you don't believe in it. Read the fucking room before you post shilly nonsense.
Dropped your /s 
Or buy high sell low and loose it all.......
This is too hilarious. 

-> Price moves down a bit -> bitcoin will be subzero in a month.

-> Price moves up a bit -> $1m!!!!!

Reality: Still in a downward channel. Hopefully we'll break out, but I'm not counting my chickens.
I love how we upvote these and downvote any sellers.  

This guy's advice could ruin you financially, too, but it makes us feel good, so have an upvote.
Lol good joke there goes my coffee, last chance to sell above 7K this year is more likely.
Just realize you named 3 things the media just recently threw at you to make you bullish.
lol, what a shill. None of those people are investing anything. Soros is a prolific shorter, so if he started trading it would be a short. 
THIS GUY FUCKS!
Just FYI, you're probably being downvoted for certainty, not bearishness. We might see $6k again; we might not. It might be in a week or two, an hour or two, a month or two, or never. And we might have two to three months of bear market left, or two to three years. Well, you get the idea.

Now, some of those possibilities might be more probable than others...and if you believe so, it would help all of us if you shared your reasoning instead of your certainty.
> fall through it and we have another 2 to 3 months of the bear market left.

How did you end up with this kind of time estimate?
Source?
you're not an early adopter
I would personally never put a timeframe on a price target (edit: in the short term, at least), that's just asking to be embarrassed. You got lucky once with the $7k call, don't expect it to happen again. the amount of sideways that can occur alone will possibly make you wrong
Uh oh... 
it *doesn't* dip every Sunday.
If it crosses 7k, expect a run up to 7.9k.
I'd like to believe a break of downward trendline + above 200 day moving average would again tempt me for a long. If below 200SMA, short.
[removed]
Oh my god we just dumped ENTIRE $50. I don't think I can do this anymore guys, time to sell all my holdings!
Why dont you actually forget your username and start using the troll box 
Couldn't even get to 7075. sad times. I don't see this being a fakeout; if it is it sure of hell is a risky one. Might even fool your own teammates.
RIP daily thread
Dude. The fuck.




You do know that George Soros literally tries to short everything? It doesn't work out 100% of the time, but he is not afraid to completely BTFO this entire market if it means earning a quick buck. George Soros getting into crypto is the most bearish news I have ever heard.



He successfully shorted the Bank of England and made a billion dollars in profit.
Wait until Chuck Norris comes to the party! 
> Thought it’d still be in the range of 6600-6610.

lol
[deleted]
I don't think we are looking at the same charts.
I don't know what you're looking at, but I don't see one.
it looks like one but I'm not sure if continuation h&s are a thing 
Hence why exchanges are quietly planning to stake ETH directly out of their cold wallets. (>5% interest).

Dormant crypto should & will go toward enhancing protocol security. 

And this drives a powerful positive feedback loop in those protocols evolving to implement this.
What do you mean by "getting squeezed" and "break soon", in what direction? 

I agree there seems to be a bull flag on the 1h chart and although the flag's slope is much steeper than the support, it seems to be a weak positive signal that the hourly candles all seem to close above log support from the upper falling wedge line. And I agree that we should see a major move soon, BBs tightening up. However, volume pattern doesn't really convince me that this will confirm as a bull flag, i.e., upward break-out, IMO could go either way.

Overall, would feel too early to break out of the falling wedge looking at volumes in the last few days. Would expect one more dip inside the wedge before a confirmation 
of the reversal. So I would guess fake-out and back into the wedge...
or do the opposite of what everyone is expecting...again
I'm a noob, but what does it mean to get squeezed against support? Thanks in advance. 
What I feel is traders are not willing to give away or sell-0ff their coins this time this, traders behavior is changing. 

Roughly two three hours ago, 5K sell wall was placed on Bitfinex, there was no reaction!
There are no buyers. That is the main cause. Taxes doesn't cause the volume to drop from 60 billion a day to 9 billion a day. That is because traders left the ecosystem, the buyers disappeared.
No new money/ fomo means the bounces are going to lower high. To go back to ATHs, there needs to be more $in than out. price will probably converge to the ATH* ratio of $ left/ $ still in.
Not looking good so far, in terms of votes I mean. 
Now I know exactly how your posts are supposed to sound
oh my dear god! 
I wish I was British so I could be a part of what I have heard is called "banter" 
Yea typo 6590
>To get this right you made 4% on a $7M position so you cleared $280k profit in less than 24 hrs ? Am I understanding this correctly. 

Closer to $300k due to swap fundings and maker fees, but yes. 
Mike is a legit whale, I'm not sure why he posts his trades here but if he ever declares a position it's wise to take his view seriously.
You'll be better off describing your trading skills as your value proposition ;)
>Mike, congrats on the trade...if I may ask, do you work with aabtc or any of the other Mex heavy hitters at all? Or are you a lone wolf?

Lone wolf when it comes to trading. I don't participate in any coordinated market pumps or dumps, I suppress the price with limit orders and ride the wave. 
should be 1x though.

i dont really know why he would need to use levg. haha
That's a question I don't think he would answer since that would put him at risk. With such large positions, though, he probably makes sure he can clear 5-10% drops without being liquidated. 
?? it says in the comment he linked the $7m.  If you're talking about his earlier comment I think he said he intended to add lower, which is what the 2nd comment was
>You said $500k and 6685 originally...... but congrats on the trade and congrats on the edit

No edit,  you're thinking of a different trade from a few days ago [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/89m6zm/z/dwtsj1l)

That trade was closed two days ago [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/89m6zm/daily_discussion_wednesday_april_04_2018/dwu3n3r) 
Nope nope nope. It always sounds like a good idea but it never ends up being one.
Cryptocurrency is going to displace paper fiat currency as a medium of exchange. That's my take. Not just paper, but various commodities, too.

Crypto, today, is hardly even used. Most of these projects are just now launching their main nets. I believe this is just the beginning of a path that leads to a ubiquitous crypto future. You've heard it all before.

There will be a top when we run out of productivity to quantify or find a better system.
Totally unproven use case for almost all alts.  Bitcoin definitely hasn't completely proven itself either as digital gold, but it's the only crypto that has proven itself at all.  It's really not a good place for this discussion, but if you really want to get some information on the difference ask in r/bitcoin.  Decentralization is the main thing, and understanding why that matters will inform long term strategies well.
Cautious trades are good in such an environment. I had also thought of closing my long at 6900, but kept at it. In my mind, there are multiple theories to why there is a run-up:

1. As you mentioned delayed reaction to Soros news - think this is low impact
2. Sideways action showing accumulation and then coincidentally news like this pops up: https://www.ccn.com/sec-quietly-puts-bitcoin-etf-proposals-back-on-the-table/ (old news, but slowly being published across media channels)
3. Since I'm of the conspiracy mindset, I truly believe there are 5 steps to this: 1) ATH 2) Short to absolute low 3) Big accumulation esp. in OTC 4) ETF starts making moves 5) Another ATH. I don't explain it as well as Cryptomastery in one of his videos. Also, this - https://twitter.com/Disruptepreneur/status/980940740564942848
4. Technically we are in wave 3 of the EW count on the bigger falling wedge (https://twitter.com/HighAltitudeInv/status/982631088777347072)
5. Stupid theory of tax money coming in as if US controls this market (low impact)



Volume speaks volumes
A strong fundamental would be great right now. But we "wasted" LN release on the middle of a strong bear trend. Not sure what could happen right now that could pump us.
I see, fair point.  If I drop the thickness on the line and carefully hit the wicks, it does look like we're trading along it.  So definitely a possibility for full on rejection back to the downside if we don't see a breakout.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/5icvQ4sI/
Anything between 200 and 600 USD produces a similar target of 4500~.
hm, thats the one i use and it didnt go off. gonna figure out why. maybe i killed it with task killer by accident
Whales need art school lessons, their drawing are very boring
Hey thanks. :) 
Exclusive account for this sub, thus new account with less karma. I am happy now that I am posting. Thanks to the mods for the information. 
Really the main issue of traders (myself included) is overtrading.

Anyone still short from 11.7 would be in killing profits rn vs all the hesitating ppl here, this might go up, no down, wait maybe bart, shit have to sleep closing my position at breakeven.

Trying to remedy about it, the main issue being greedy and being tempted to close when part of the profit evaporates when there's a retrace. But as anyone has to live and sleep it's really shit to try to time it all. There's only one discipline for mid-long term trades : generous SL, breakeven stop when statisfying support broken, and leaving it room to breath after that. Easier said than done.

Now there are a few successful swing traders, but they too manage their greed and do only a few trades without getting worried about missing more gains.

Greed is the enemy really.
I think mosy of the peeps who followed advice or traded based on this sub’s sentiment should have come out on top, no?

I think it was pretty easy bear market to trade so far. especially with all the bears in here.

2013 was really hard with all the good news coming out all the time. I didnt trade it, but looking back, I think it was hard to trade
Yeah that HODL works out really well the last 6 months right ?  Basically anyone who sold and bought back a week later has higher performance than holders
I've been sitting in fiat since 19200

no ragrets
You missed a great chance to answer with a naked "yes".
you can post your position in bitmex chat now 
The immensely rich tend to desire to stay immensely rich. No one sane would watch that position lose near that much before closing it.
Trollbox he /position xbtusd'ed

poser
lmao thats the kid that went long at like 10k right? Rip like 30000 BTC...
thx
Or more appropriately, the "Eat my shorts" pattern
Yep. It’s pretty simple. 

When you know that a large portion of your audience has a particular point of view, you tailor stories to confirm their bias and draw them in, exposing them to paid advertisements. 

Predictability is a big money maker in general. 
wow, someone is afraid of being liquidated. LOL

http://fortune.com/2018/04/06/crypto-vc-venrock-coinfund/

Reputable enough for you?
big if true
big up or big down in your opinion

I mean, flash 500 or maybe 1000... But 5k? Was that really necessary Mr. Whale? You busted my bull bubble this morning... 
I'm curious as to what you think the long term situation here is? Do you think BTC will just die?

This relentless sort of "it will always fall now" posting is weird because the lower we get the more likely it will reverse and start to recover.

So people calling for a reversal and new bull run actually get LESS delusional, the lower the price goes.

Unless you think BTC is already dead and will never reach another ATH. Do you?

At least a Bull-attitude can encompass the idea of it going to 100K then crashing to 20K, then going to 500K then crashing to 150K etc etc. An endless cycle of bubble and bust.

Bear-to-the-end *now* is a pretty short term attitude, and lacks vision IMHO.
I don’t follow your logic. When we were approaching $20k, that’s just like saying “the higher we get the more delusional bears get”. 

Of course bulls are going to be more bullish the more it falls. It can’t fall forever, just like it can’t climb forever.
The lower we drop the more attractive the price, haveyathoughtofdat?
The new shorts were opened recently anticipating an extra drop. When there is no drop those will close quickly.

How do you know the longs haven't been squeezed? The quick drop from 11.8k was partly due to long being squeezed. But new longs opened again after the drop.

And longs are inherently more resilient than shorts.


!RemindMe 1 year.

My $10k offer is still on the table, btw. 
[deleted]
Shorted futures from 6780, let's see how things go from here
I'm confused. I said, I got stopped out. Sorry if you did too. Bear hug?
Thats why you use Mark instead of Last/Index
DOGE the dog died yesterday. None left to write the code.
If you were a smart investor with a lot of money, what do you think the blue chip and safest coin would be that is also traded through CME and CBOE? Hmmm I wonder, ya maybe they're after mintcoin.
Just wait to see if 7200 gets rejected IMO
Got a reasonable (not greedy, but far higher than breakeven) stop profit
how do you mean? 1h RSI @ 63, that cant be bullish?
I didn't downvote, but he could post his analysis here... if everyone posted elsewhere, this would be just a list of links. 
In trading there's always someone who disagrees with me and won't want to hear the analysis, I guess.

Thanks for the support.
What specifically in the article do you disagree with. I'm happy to take constructive criticism as it'll make me more accurate in the future.
RSI is maxed on the 1hr, 55EMA on the 4hr will act as a resistance, potential bearish divergence on the 1hr MACD, amount of buying effort required to get the price to $7K was already a joke, scraping just above the wedge is an ideal place to slurp short stop liquidity before MMs do a 180 degree turn around. "good" fundamental news has been spent (Soros and Rockefeller).

If it manages to creep a little higher I will just add to my short (up to about $7.2K area). If I'm completely wrong, I'll get stopped out and wait for another trade. I like the R:R.
Why are you plagiarizing other people their text? Or do you have another buttcoin reddit account?

https://www.reddit.com/r/Buttcoin/comments/84no2c/how_it_feels_like_to_hodl_in_2018/dvs6bzd/

> If you look at the Hertž-Tamoguçi intersection on the 3hr log chart it is very clear we have hit the price floor and are scheduled for a clear bull run up to an ATH of around $55k. Weak hands are done leaving the market, which means only strong hands are left. These strong hands will drive the price upwards to dizzying new heights.

Just a tip: you don't *need* to post every 5 minutes. Also, it's okay to feel sometimes ashamed if you get downvoted. 

p.s. I am not stalking you, just did a google search on "Hertž-Tamoguçi"
Flair does not check out.
>tfw can not decide if is copypasta or not

well done
You know dude, I see you posting here so much nowadays, and so many of your posts are just smart ass commentary. 

It's cool if you're short on BTC, but the way you post makes you sound like just as much of a zealot as the moon boys. 
haha you'd make a great bull Dushman but I know your heart is dark and filled with bear love :)
“If you look at the Hertž-Tamoguçi intersection on the 3hr log chart it is very clear we have hit the price floor” LOL bro that shit was funny 
> fake ass-petrodollars

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
going long right now!
omg what a plot twist
Be careful, Krusty is also a reversal pattern

https://i.imgur.com/NzfyL9u.png
Time to trade TRX and XVG on binance instead

Bitcoin is dead to us :(
I think saying “for good” is a bit preemptive don’t you think?
Needed sleep/ 16 hour work day tomorrow. Don’t have time to be stalking charts and will be away from my PC. 
It looks more like bulls are playing defense. All they need to do is let shorts pile up, keep the price stable, and at some point the cost of shorting will cause people to close... then lots of forced buying on margin calls. Rinse and repeat.
Could play out that way, but longing is cheaper than shorting so I don't see a lot of them closing out of impatience or not wanting to pay the fees.
*writes on the chalkboard*

I will not overleverage

I will not overleverage

I will not overleverage

I will not overleverage
50k by June!
bro i laughed so hard XD thanks
It used to work with ETH really well, but ever since the downtrend ETH has been following BTC to a tee. And BTC is heavily manipulated. 
He closed half 
Sell side is resistance. I'm not sure how what you're saying is different from that? Someone took the opportunity to buy a bunch when resistance was high - doesn't change that the impact on price is less.
if people have liquidation $50 above the current price I think they should question their leverage level.
Thank you. It isn't just this sub, it's reddit in general to be fair, but it's honestly pathetic. Relevant and good questions getting downvoted while "Bogdanov pamp it" getting upvoted.
No way man, this is a *trading sub*, asking what one of the world's most prominent and arguably powerful *traders* is doing *trading* Bitcoin, or if he even is trading Bitcoin, is totally irrelevant to this *trading* sub and must be downvoted.

Safe trades!


Lol it's cool, it's just aggravating that's all.
Hopefully, but I would remain circumspect. Soros is known for manipulating currencies.
> Well he wouldn't be getting in to short

Hmm I'm not sure it's wise to assume what *George Soros* is doing

the dude is one of the greatest of all time, I'm fairly sure you can't just guess what he's doing lol
Whats this whole overstock thing that keeps being brought up>?

TA is support for a prediction?
Sorry was kind of an incomplete thought. Just waiting to see if GDAX shrinks under 10k BTC 24-hour volume. It's slowly been going down, each time I check in.

EDIT: Yep there it is! 9,999 BTC 24-hour volume.

> higher low and lower high

Sounds like consolidation to me. Either wait it out and trade the break, or scalp the highs and lows in the meantime.

Cheers mate. I'm afraid it wont turn around the market. Low-volume Sunday-dump incoming, Weak hands FUDding, luckily at low volume. 6901 atm doesn't inset confidence ... Well, let's see what the Asian friends will do.

He's also very good at eating hot dogs.
He works for Kaiser Soze, Gox and now, Bogdanov
spitposting
Spoken like a true hodlr. I'm with you
I thought you guys shat in the woods.
When Soros entered the market, is it he or the Bogs who make the decisions ?
Hey man if you can afford to lose $102,000 on Bitcoin, go for it.
easy to say you have no clue without providing a counter argument. I think the likelyhood wie stop at 6.5k again is small but of course we could stop everywhere, it is at the mercy of other players and with enough money you can paint the chart in the way you want. 
Hope so. Pump to 7.7, dump to 2k, pump to 100k OR pump to 7.7, dump to 5, pump to 8, dump to 3, pump to 100k
 Sounds more fun than Satoshi dice. 
Keep dreaming.
Yeah it honestly might end up working out better for you as we just ran smack into some resistance while being overbought. I was debating doing the same but I had too large of a position
Sorry for stating the obvious
Sounds good, I was looking on mobile so visually it looks long haha thanks for the insight
My one and only long in the past month was at 7.5 when we bounced off 7.3 all the way to 9.2. I closed it early but sure go ahead and countertrade my entries. 
Every bull trap, dush is the best inverse trader in here
I've only been margin trading for just over a month. My first big long was at 11.5 right before I wised up. My second big long was at 7.5 when we ran up to 9.2. 

Been mostly burning the corn ever since 🐻🌽🔥
First test is a rejection. Let's see what happens next. 
aww fuck it looks like we crossed it decisively. If it holds for an hour its time to close it imo
I dont close shorts for a loss in bear markets but its a strategy i do not advise. This could easily pump to 7k+ even to 7.7. With that said, RSI is almost overbought on the 1hr. You will probably get a chance to get out at breakeven pretty soon imo. If you dont feel confident in your position then consider closing it at breakeven.
My opinion: cut your losses. The longer this stays flat, the bigger and more potent the next green dildo will be.
Set a stop loss just above $7k I'd say
H&S as a continuation pattern isn't a thing, but crypto folks don't care and will trade it down anyway if it happens.  
Could the neckline you drew have been drawn a bit higher? 
Looks like a rejection after the retest if so
http://prntscr.com/j2blka


Yes that's also a thing I been writing here about the last months, who are the actual sellers? Of course you have traders/whales/miners/Whatever popular FUD reason but then you will have the ones who are either up like 100-200x already and 3k or 6k don't matter to them

Or you have the first time buyers who bought at 2k, and think 6k is a nice 3x and they are done with it. Once this group sells out, I think the selling pressure will decrease. same with the other cryptos, and that will be the time to start buying again. That is why I want to learn more about volume/orderbook trend to see if one can make conclusions
> I rather be out of position until market makes its mind... It seems we are going back to a tight range again

I think the opposite is better, to not get caught off guard. Try to always be in a position but either get stopped out early or ride the 300-500$ any direction. There is currently no good trending direction from what I can see
Yeah, that for sure. But i see alot of people posting something like yesterday: long from 6550, tight stop at 6475, since 6500 served as a good support so far. Is there any disadvantage for this "method" compared to an ultra tight stoploss?
What I meant is that it generally hasn't worked out well for me if I add to a losing position long or short. 
But let me tell you--not impossible
So am i, this is boring
Actually I really appreciate your explanation and it's admittedly one of the reasons why I'm thinking I ought to do this.
Well that's it. I've only just now had the realisation (as I don't use an exchange that does margin trades) that I could be limiting my risk. That is, worst case scenario, I only lose the amount I put in, but still have the potential for decent profits.
I must admit I'm now wondering why on earth I didn't do this sooner. I would sleep a lot better knowing that worst comes to worst, I've only lost a relatively small amount of my total stack.
I can agree with this.
So when it’s your money it’s not gambling? 
The difference is that the risk is mitigated. Rather than risking my entire stack, I don't risk any more than the percentage of the total value that I put in.

That is, I could trade the value of 1BTC, but rather than risking my 1BTC, should I, in the worst case scenario, hit the liquidation price, I only lose say, 0.1 BTC assuming 10x leverage.

At least that's my understanding.
I laughed so hard reading this -- love the tag 
Calling me a retard doesn't help changing my mind, even if it probably will dissuade newbies people reading my comment from believing in it, that seems to be your objective judging from what I remember of your post history. Have fun.
https://www.reddit.com/r/bitfinex/comments/8actyg/poland_seized_300_millions_eur_from_bitfinex_bank/

https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/8ad509/polish_authorities_has_seized_almost_400_mln_eur/
That money laundering is also somehow bitcoin's fault too. /s
Not really. You never hear these stories about the legit exchanges such as coinbase/gdax, bitstamp or gemini. Bitfinex is sketchy at best, and in reality probably much worse than just sketchy.
I made a tiny bit under 200 usd. In my shitty 3rd world country that pays groceries for two whole weeks. Don't care if you think I'm bragging or not.
Profit margin how does it work 
But why would RSI flattening out , instead of overbought, turn to a break down ?
RSI low from before 7.5k to the most recent low.

RSI is calculated using open / closing prices so when looking for divs you should use the candle body not wick.
Yes please. 
another 7 hours to go ;)
This, refrain from downloading excel files online with live crypto trackers. I remember there being a reddit post a few months ago with an excel crypto tracker that contained a virus. Highly recommended to make your own, and it's not very difficult.
You have this compeatly backwards. If price is lower and rsi is higher (which has been showing up on the 4hr ETHUSd and ethbtc) it's hidden bullish div.
Got it, 30 min bearish RSI divergence if this doesn't go to 7350
Lol it's not hard to calculate/guesstimate. RSI isn't a hard formula to understand.
Let's see which of us is right :)
Good luck and be careful with fakes 
[deleted]
On the hour and 2 hour its def a rising wedge. Not a bullflag 
As expected. Its breaking down as we speak
Yeah because the top guys always do it in high volume, even the sex!
No, that's still around 9K
No, it's the log downtrend from $11.5k. Still very significant. 
I got one from 9k and 11k relativel close by
no, that will be the one above of it.
equally weighted really,

will reevaluate  at the midway point (7.5k?) , might even go long if it comes to that. 
I had closed at 6.6 and the first re-entry executed at 6890. Debating opening it all right now or continuing to ladder in all the way to 7.2 (maybe even 7.7)
10 years til my prediction above 100k. !remindme 10 years
Weren't you short? 

F
This isn't a competition brother. I don't want btc to go down, I just want to make money. No need for that attitude. I wish you good fortune on your trades.
The way bears on this sub gloat over every little $100 move down, it's fair play. If this pattern (up, flat, up) holds for a couple more days, I will dub it the Stairway to Heaven formation. Seems too easy for bulls at this point as whoever was dumping on us seems to have run out of cheap coins to bestow on the world. Just keep it flat for a while, let retail shorts pile up, and liquidate them every 12 hours or so.
I've been claiming victory since we broke $1000 a year ago.
I'll up vote this 
Agreed. Good place to short back to 1$
Thank you, tired of this bs.
it is said if enough people shitpost in the daily thread your wish will come true
If there is one thing I learned is this market is to never hope for the breakouts. And even if they DO move up, then it's ok to still not buy in and wait for them to confrm

I say like William Eckhardt, What feels good is often the wrong thing to do.

 https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/the-little-book/9781118858646/xhtml/Chapter16.html
what i was thinking
[removed]
Thats how it goes around here.  When the last move is green the permabulls run the show.  And vice versa.
[removed]
Don't forget SEC backed exchanges, India not banning crypto, tax season ending and our greatest hope: *millennials*.
People can downvote all they want it's fine. My reasoning is that we are in a big bear market and the trend is overwhelmingly down.

We couldn't even pierce though 7.5k the other day when most experts thought at least 7.8k was possible.

We repeatedly run of steam on any run up. 

We are no where near breaking out upwards through any of the key resistance points.

We are hovering dangerously close to a key support level at 6k,being this close I believe humans being humans.. Will want to see this level tested.

The volume is poor. 

Bitcoin as of yet has no real world application for the masses. 

The bear will end, but it will take a while longer yet. If it is to last even another month... Are people really saying that in that month or so we won't go down to retest 6k? 

Let's see, IMO we will go down further. Please remind me when the time occurs 

Because I believe we will slow bleed down and have another series of fakeouts. These all take time based upon the last few months.

Should we break under 6k within a few weeks I don't think we'll flash crash I think it'll take time. A few fakeouts back up, more bleeding down.

My best guess is that we'll find bottom in and around June. 
Counterpoint with equal level of detail: yes we are all early adopters, some just adopted even earlier.
I'm not even beginning to claim I am the earliest.  Lots more before me.  I am early, as someone who has participated and educated themselves.  Extremely early relative to mainstream.  1990 at the latest if you want a disruptive technology comparison.  Bitcoin may very well die.  How it holds up once alts are not tied to it is anyones guess.  But my firm and other VC/ Private Equity groups are paying alot of attention.  We are recreating the game when it comes to ICOs.  You will see more to follow, but we are EXTREMELY early as to when the space starts to really grow.  We are early adopters in a completely different sense than the tech guys that found it in 2009.  I had friends who did.  Wish I had taken their advice early.  
Tbh this is the second time I'm doing it and I feel even more confident than the last time. At the very least I'll say that we will close sub 6k before we close above 8k. 
https://imgur.com/a/EKwDt

we were $0.5 away from 7k
[deleted]
Pretty sure we're now down 150 from the peak but w.e you say prajeet 
Bogdanoffs shorted the entire galaxy. Soros is going to be liquidated  before he even open a coinbase account. He's toying with forces he doesn't understand.
He didn't ruin the British pound, I don't know why people keep regurgitating that he ruins currency's.   It was being propped up by fake means and all he did was short it and made money seeing how fake it was, he didn't destroy anything, just natural market forces taking place like it should and he was able to see it. 
This is a hilarious troll comment man. I’m almost in tears reading it. Isn’t that obvious? It doesn’t belong here but nor does half the shit in here at least it’s somewhat funny instead of “herp derp buttcoin is going to 0 cause it’s a ponzi
He also got crushed in Hong Kong trying the same thing in 1997. In short, he's known for only his "wins" and those he missed by a mile go forgotten. 
But those trades were only effective because he was on the "correct" side, at least as economics was concerned. BoE was convinced they could maintain their FX rate with reserves (kind of playing ponzi with tax revenues), so it's not surprising that this didn't work.

Soros isn't some magician who can control the weather and the currency markets. He just shorts weak currency. There is no fundamental relationship at all between the sterling and btc
Sorry for exaggerating. 6600-6645.
Hm that actually makes sense 
We are definitely not. 
nvm
pretty clear to me..but I don't know if continuation h&s are a thing
Just said it was about to break, didnt say which way. Waiting for a fake out to open a position 
Price was going down steadily forming a flag. When it reached an horizontal support @6870 it was forced to go sideways and leave the path it was taking. Usually when this happens price will burst up or down. This time though it seems to start going sideways. 
Almost every wall of that size has been pulled when it starts to get chewed. The only one that was real was the one on kraken @6500. Its natural people start to ignore such walls 
We never had 60 billion a day volumes. Also, the current price levels are very conductive to low volumes. Many people feel like it's basically too cheap to sell but too dangerous to buy. 
What volume statistics are you looking at? The btc volume of bitfinex in tradingview seems fine. It is the same as that in early Nov 2017 when we have the same btc price.
>There are no buyers.

That's not true. Plenty of eager buyers at 6600k and below. There are a lot of fiat at the sidelines waiting for their cheap btc. If bitcoin can find a solid support and hold it, buyers will be more confident buying at 8k  
nor in terms of TA either
Proper derby. 
Lol. It’s not banter with the blue c*$&s believe me...
Bullshit

Edit: Never mind, reading his posts makes me inclined to believe him. 
he wears pajamas
Good to hear. I'm a lone wolf as well.

Funny enough, I almost never have the patience to enter via limit orders...but staggered limits are my preferred exits.

Kudos on the trades...if I've been following right, your last three were home runs, huh? I still think your % ratio of stop vs. target is nuts...but hey, can't argue with the results!
Nice. I'm glad I've found another scalper haha.

I'll look forward to your comments in the future.
Thanks. 3:20 am here reading through reddit comments.. I’m drunk, you’re right. My b Mike, nice trade. 

I never saw this more recent one he posted, a few days ago he posted a trade that I’m “referencing” in my comment above. 

Apologies
Yea just realized that on Sloppy’s comment below, my bad dude, sorry for the grief!
Displace? It has its advantages and will go much further than 1% adoption, but 'displace' is not a term I would be using.
I agree. Doesn't matter much for day traders since they can always make money off volatility but doesn't look good for current health of BTC. Nobody wants any to hold.
LN release wasn’t wasted, it’s just that no one cares or wants LN.  See the data for what it is.  If they did, the price would have responded.
What intervals did you use? If it's over 1 minute you might lose a good chunk of price action. I set mine to 5 seconds and it works pretty good.
I have tagged you as "the Oracle of Ermahgerd"
Can I sign up for your newsletter?
You'd think so! But we keep forgetting... The market is no one's friend! When the bears are predominant, the market will start a bull run, and vice versa. I'd say that if anything, the prominence of bears on this sub is really indicative of an impending bull run. 
Everything is easy in retrospect.
And then they make several more errors and have less than the X BTC they had to start with.  
I think the price six months ago was under $6K so yes, hodling has worked out for a lot of people, and it's certainly a lot less stressful unless you get lucky like I did on that $6.6 long the other night (which I still haven't closed but did move my stop up to 6.85).

Statistically, most traders lose, even in traditional markets.  We're a lot like gamblers, bragging about every win but not mentioning the losses. 
I don't call anyone HODLER if he didn't hodl at least 4 years. One must at least go through a whole cycle of halving.
[removed]
You didn’t buy back in Feb???

That’s impressive. I would have FOMOd much sooner
Nah, too cliche at this point. It lost its laconic effect.
ya i seen that bro thanks for the clarification
I'm fairly sure that's actually how they make so much money 

It's like how we're all God traders on  testnet. When the money doesn't matter it's 100x easier to trade 
Can you also see the entry price there? Maybe he is long from 6.5k and will just close it :-D
I have no idea. He doesn't post on twitter anymore and someone in trollbox was saying he posted about how he got rekt and thats why he's not on leaderboards anymore

his stickied twitter post was something about hitting $14k again back when we were above ~$9k. So I think he got rekt by longing, yes. 

Lots of the big traders on bitmex seem to think btc is 100% going on a bullrun again so I have a feeling they think they're genius traders from 2017
People rag on media constantly, but the previous ATH wouldn't have been reached without fomo encouraged by the same outlets that are reporting negatively now.

When a drastic natural change occurs and sentiment flips around, so will media. They'll play on hopes just as they do with fear now. 
So you could have originally posted this one from Fortune, but you thought Bitplex was the better choice?
True if big
It's been flashing there for couple days now.
The long term situation is: bitcoin never becomes a widely adopted currency, bitcoin becomes merely a speculative gambling tool (already is really) as governments start their own cryptocurrencies, interest continues to fade away and humanity latches on to the next "this time is different" speculative asset and pumps that bubble. 
If I may, I would like to make a smart ass comment. The price of Bitcoin expressed in another currency will reach infinity as the price of that currency approaches zero. 

So in theory, it could climb to infinity. However, the upside potential on a short is limited and known if expressed in that same currency. 
Assuming there will be endless bubbles and crashes is your first mistake. Assuming a new ATH can be taken for granted is your second.
Is this true always and forever with every asset? 

When new Enron ATH?
But the BART.   We have to make a straight drop soon back to 6500 to get a perfect Simpson on the hourly.
So what's your medium and long term outlook then?
Hi confused, I'm dad!
always down to hug a fellow bear. I think you got stopped out too early though :(
wait what? for real? links
So why do none of these links say bitcoin? 
too bad we don't have a company /s
The steemit markdown is easier to work with due to the post formatting I like to use. Otherwise that's what I'd be doing.
nothing man, I didnt read it. It could be gold. Just watch your titles if you wanna be taken serious by traders or you if you are aiming for appeal in the r/bitcoin/general crypto community (noob infested). But I didnt even read it so feel free to ignore what I said
I wouldn't say a copy pasta is "plagiarizing" 
It's a copy pasta on r/buttcoin 
it would be pretty funny if we kicked off a new bullrun on yesterday’s inverse bart formation
It's a copypasta lmao, it seems to have triggered a few people here. 
Too many bears think they are geniuses right now, I think it is meaningful...
Jokes aside: Donyou really think 5900 in a week

After yestday, I’d say it’ll take more than a week to convince people to sell sub 6500
"dizzying new heights" had me dying bro 
You won't believe what happens next!!
Just bought 100k
01.06.2018
Ah yeah, apparently I can't read. 
What's the fun in using any less than 100x?
I completely agree I don't mind people down voting dumb, irrelevant posts. I don't understand why people down relevant questions pertaining to BTC.
One of the components of this sub is to ask questions relevant to BTC or crypto in general. People should be wary of  Soros's entry into crypto, just look at his track record.
He also has a reputation for crashing banks. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Wednesday 
I mean who knows what he will do, just saying to get in and short something that already retraced this much at THIS point doesnt seem like too much common sense in the big picture, even for a genius, but he might be able to squeeze a little more ahort out of it I guess.
I believe you misspelled “holder”. Just FYI
Soros = Bogs

Mind = blown
So you're saying BTC is going to zero?
I dont think we will see sub 6k in April. Time will tell
I got a rather small short position i opened at 6.8, im debating on whether i should double up here or bail, i guess i gotta wait and see if it truly breaks through 7k
Liar still remember, you went short at 8.5 with a liquidation at 9.5k. Then when it went up, you went long at 9.1k and got double screwed when it dumped.

I hope not a lot of people follow you with high leverage.
Pretty shitty, i shoulda held dat long a bit more XD lets seeeeeee
> I dont close shorts for a loss in bear markets

this is something i've learned the hard way. sooo many pointless losses taken in..
Good advice. Im going to try to get out at break even. If I don't get the chance, I think Im going to place stops at just over 7k. I was feeling confident about my position last night before that insane market buy, but now, not so much. 
lol too true...I skimmed a peter brandt article about it in which Schabacker admits even that it's not a true H&S but still serves the same purpose in being a pattern with a target

https://www.peterlbrandt.com/do-continuation-head-and-shoulders-patterns-really-exist/

> “This formation is not a true Head and Shoulders for a number of important reasons but we must admit that it is difficult to find a better name for it….we shall accept the suggested name and call it the Continuation Head and Shoulders.”

but that's a continuation h&s (that is, an ih&s on the way up)

so idk if it still counts for a normal h&s as a continuation pattern downwards
I didn't draw a neckline- that's price line. The neckline is around $6600-6700
Whoever up like 100x and have enough bitcoins to move the market should have cashed out enough to be millionaires long ago and may be comfortable to hodl the rest at 6k.

Those who have only 3x won't be eager sell here too, since the gain isn't significant enough to overcome the regret of missed profit in future.

The group that can move the market are the early whales who hold thousands of bitcoins. But these people are a tight group and as a group they probably want bitcoin to succeed and not dump it to hell.
Bitmex tends to be more volatile. 50/100x leverage means you can easily be the victim of an "exaggerated" move in the wrong direction.

Having a lower leverage basically gives you more breathing room and serves as a buffer for when although you've predicted the eventual move, there is a quick/temporary swing in the other direction.

An underwater position can recover. Can't say the same with a liquidated position.
Not really any difference, no. 
Glad to hear it! Like with everything else in trading, it comes down to risk tolerance, and balance. It's dependent on your personal situation. If your trading stack is 1% of your net worth and you won't even miss it if it disappears in a hack, it's probably not worth it to mess with leverage. If you're trading on some shady offshore exchange with little recourse should the worst happen, counterparty risk becomes a huge concern. If you're too clever and only put 10% or 1% of your trading stack and make up for it by going 10x or 100x long/short, you won't have to worry about counterparty risk anyway since you'll go broke getting liquidated every couple of trades well before anything gets hacked. Etc. Etc. There are many factors to consider.
It only limits your risk if there are significant barriers to you moving more money to the exchange.
I think you are looking for stop loss
You can still play with your whole stack and risk only some of it..
Sure it's gambling. You could say that about spending money on anything other than what you need to survive day to day. You could also come back and say well it was gambling to buy that loaf of bread because it may go moldy before you eat it. Although I sure as heck wouldn't borrow money to go play at the casino. 
Far less, when you buy and sell normally there is exactly one time frame that matters, the one you choose; when your shorting you better be right at every smaller time frame
[deleted]
[deleted]
it sounds like it was just a cartel member that was involved in crypto's using that bank -- doesn't directly link to BFX that is just speculation at this point 
sketchy does not mean they are not solvent or operating legally

There are very few guidelines that they should adhere to, but Im sure they adhere to all of them down to a t
There is a difference between *"Takes the hit of costs associated with operating inside the US, for the increased access to the US market"*, *"Not jumping through those hoops because it's not worth it"* and *"Operating outside the US because that's obviously fraud"*.

The sketchy thing here is the US government.

Personally I **prefer** exchanges which don't deal with the US government.
The beauty of crypto is we have both offshore exchanges and onshore "regulated" exchanges -- there are pros and cons to both so let's not pretend one is better than the other but it depends on what your needs are. If you are Joe Blow and just want to hold some BTC for awhile then your regulated exchanges are easy and you can sleep well at night knowing you have legal avenues if things go south with them. Then you have the offshore exchanges which still maintain the majority of the volume and have less fees and many more features like margin trading, high leverage futures, and advanced order types. There is nothing wrong with these coexisting and serve meet the needs of their respected customers bases.
Don't worry about it. Profit is profit. Some people in here are making big bucks, others would rather play it safe with more sensible amounts.
RSI measures recent gains vs. recent losses, if RSI is flattening out that means that the price is starting to lose more than it gains. Basically the movement in price is losing momentum.
The  pressure down is stronger than the pressure up.  Overall.  It is a bear market afterall
You're confusing a bull div with a hidden bear div. Bull div: price makes lower low, RSI higher low. Hidden bear div: price makes lower high, RSI higher high.

I think you're the one that needs to relearn divergence.
You are longing this?
Ye like from 1929 when everybody was running in circles waving their hands in the air in the streets
chart?
cool story! 
I'm riding a long from 6850, hoping to hold it until reverting to a short. SL @6940 to lock profits in case of a sudden dump. Might start adding to a short at resistance levels (7200, 7500 and 7800)
Doubt if we go that far - 7150 is the trend line point on my chart. Another big resistance area is the 20 EMA on the daily which will converge to 7300-7400, if we keep going up. Agree with waiting thought until 7.1 though to add more. 
Nice, I personally think the risk/reward is better 7.2 and up to 7.5 then watch for 7.8 break but yeah.

Seems like most people at least agree, regardless of direction bias, that the 6600-6800 range is the worst to open in
Higher my friend. Aim higher.
100 years 'til my prediction above 1M. !remindme 100 years
It's actually a competition ^\^

Didn't mean it like that tho, more a heads up, wedge isn't broken. Support barely holding tho, but with that many fakeouts lately I don't rely on it.
> The way bears on this sub gloat over every little $100 move down, it's fair play. 

Just because someone else is an asshole doesn't mean we all need to be. 
Are you the one who claimed it was the last time we’ll see sub 1k?
Same. This talk of "bear market" is clearly coming from people new to the game. If it's still "down" (it's not down if you've been in longer than, what, four months) in June, that would constitute a bear market.
Disagree, short to 10 cents. 
[deleted]
Is it the same as how, at a crosswalk, if you keep pushing the button enough times the light will turn green for you?

It works every time, try it.
Breakout trading in the last few months has been a recipe for disaster. 
Yes, we are, in a short time frame. We're also down 30% since last month.
[deleted]
No we're not.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
[deleted]
I agree with you. People downvote any news that isn't good which means they trade on emotion rather than being realistic. People are freaking out at the drop but forget what the price was a year ago. It's still up over $5,000 usd from last years price. 
Upvoted, while I don't entirely agree, you do make some good points and that's a much better statement from the bear point of view than your original post (in my opinion).

My main contention is that I think Bitcoin has multiple real world applications (some existing, some yet to materialize or be proven)...but that's probably off-topic for this sub.
How big do you think the risk is for btc to be lower than 6k by the end of the year?
I agree with you. People downvote any news that isn't good which means they trade on emotion rather than being realistic. People are freaking out at the drop but forget what the price was a year ago. It's still up over $5,000 usd from last years price. 
Your points sound like good ol' hope. You'll always get downvoted because you seem sure but provide no arguments to back it up.
It would be great if you could post the size and direction of your position rather than fugazzi.
Can I be a premature adopter?
> Tbh this is the second time I'm doing it and I feel even more confident than the last time.

this mindset is just asking to be humbled eventually, be careful.

And possibly, I really don't know at this point personally. charts seem to be saying "idfk" 
Here's my chart. I might be wrong, but it's not like I just pulled a number out of my butt.
 
https://www.tradingview.com/x/dFcgMYOA/
chad was insanely wrong about like $8k holding and continues to talk like he wasn't egregiously, embarrassingly wrong. so I listen to nothing he says. these permabulls will be wrong until they're right and then they'll say "I told you so!"

the bull run could start at $37 and they'd be like "LMAO bears rekt. thanks for the coins permaNOOBs."
ENTIRE 150? Jesus Christ, it's worse than I thought. Selling everything immediately, I can't take this anymore.
> It was being propped up by fake means and all he did was short it and made money seeing how fake it was

hmm :P
I hope he misses this one, but the crypto market is so small, I doubt he will fail on this one.
I hope you're right, but I am more worried about the future of crypto than I ever have been before. I'm seriously considering just selling now while I'm ahead.
Ah, I figured breaking its path is what it meant but I didn't want to assume. Ty! 
That was a very strong and daring attempt to turn the market around and it worked. Eventually it got chewed to, but the people who chewed it, later realized their own mistakes.
Yes we did. That is volume across all coins. Today it is 9 billion.
There are definitely a few whales / well-capitalized traders on here, Twitter, etc.

They need a strong stomach and a lot of patience to deal with the noobs and shitposters, but they're here and they've been around for a while. They trade, trash talk on the internet, and put their pants on one leg at a time just like everyone else.
Check his post history, he's either legit or has been weaving an insanely intricate story for years now.
they do exist...
By the way, it's considered bad Reddiquette to overwrite your post when editing (it confuses people who didn't see the original)... better to add the edit underneath, etc.
Are you calling BS on position size? Or taking his trades seriously?
edit 2 : it's bullshit after all, changed my mind again! gonna do some further reading now
> I still think your % ratio of stop vs. target is nuts

it actually kind of makes sense- there really hasn't been that many times that btc didn't swing around a target 3-5 times before not touching it again. 
Get your shit together you're a fuckin mess ;)
What term would you use to describe the effect paper currency had on gold?
"no one cares or wants LN" -keep smokin' that crack buddy
I agree. Or at least that LN is a flawed second layer solution, not that no one wants something that works.
got it set to 1 minute. gonna dabble around with it cos if it works for others then it was deffo me that messed something up
I will fight this guy for it
Go ahead haha. You will see most of it here anyways.
Bears have been way to comfortable recently...I started feeling this way last night while reading through traders' comments.  When people think they have it "E-Z" it's about to change.
They already did but not selling a parabolic bubble increase 
>what is opportunity cost

And why even care about price if you just "hold"? Because hold is a euphemism for "selling to someone else when price is X"

>Statistically, most traders lose, even in traditional markets. We're a lot like gamblers, bragging about every win but not mentioning the losses.

Also most football players, restaurants, companies and music artists "fail". So what ? 
ah so maybe the three years between last ATH bubble period and 1k last year ? Or where could one obtain those statistics what a verified holding period is ?
yes
*If.*
Hah well scared money don't make money, I agree. But $7k to $0.1k is probably farther than they'd ride it.
Quite possibly - it doesn't show the entry price so he could have gone long from $1 for all we know.
Well, unless crypto is dead, they are right, bitcoin will go on a bull run again at some point.  The question is when...
I got it from a trusted source, then made the search for you because you were too lazy to do it apparently. 
Maybe he has vested interests in Bitpoop

EDIT: Sorry spellcheck. I meant Bitplex.
sizeable if verifable
Yeah government run currencies has a proven track record of success, so what can go wrong
"Government cryptocurrency" doesn't make any sense.

Cryptocurrency by definition has no central point of control. If government controls it, it is not a cryptocurrency.
Well that was disappointingly cliche. I don't like the *way* you communicate your trades and outlook here ("deluded bulls" etc) but the actual content of your analysis is usually interesting, so I thought you might have a more sophisticated "big picture" than this.

But no. Same old same old. 


So you are staying in this forum just to speculate bitcoin down to its death?
Assuming that cows are made of grass is your first mistake. Assuming that kittens moonlight as sharks is your second. 
Lmao what a shitty argument shorty
https://twitter.com/SatoshiLite/status/982061089780252672
https://twitter.com/cctv/status/847735615307169793?lang=en
They said crypro as a whole, you saying they skipped bitcoin lol. The safest coin that has future trading and possibly an ETF soon and the coin the rest follow? C'mon people. 
The bullet points are meant to be more of a simplified summary to let people know what's in the article (partially so the post isn't just a link). The article contains the required nuance of the analysis.
I didn't know what a "copy pasta" was -- probably some kind of "meme copy paste." 

I assumed he was just copying/using text from random people to present bitcoin in a negative light.

If it is just a butcoin meme, it probably violates Rule #3 (no memes) here anyway. But I am not going to be the morale police. Just was curious where his never ending inspiration was coming from
A new era in crypto, we now have our own formations and moves

This anon gets it. Shorters, bears and bitmex foreverrrrr and everrrrrr and everrrrrr <3 xoxoxoxoxox die BTC die heeheeeeeee yayyyyyeeeeeeee!!! Let’s kill bitcoin guys!!! Let’s short the market into oblivion!!!!! Heeeeeheeeeeeee!!!
Ive been shorting BTC this whole time. I’ve been teaching others and I’ve gotten my neighbors and coworkers into shorting the market and we are all making a lot of money together shorting BTC and Ethereum. I’m really popular now among my friends because I’m making so much money from shorting the market, a lot of them are making accounts in bitmex now because of me. I can’t wait for this bear market to continue for the next 5 years until I have enough money from shorting to buy a house and hopefully a nice car. Shorting is the best guaranteed way to make money in the longterm

A week might be pushing it but $6K +/- a few hundred still feels like the target before we get back to > $7.5K territory. $3K I have a harder time seeing.

Edit: To expand on this: I personally would feel a lot more convinced that a bottom was in (and by extension be much more hesitant to short the shit out of every $500 bounce) if BTC tested some of those key confluence areas in the mid $5K to $6K range and gave us a nice V shaped huge volume power bounce away from them.

Hours and hours of literally horizontal price movement and then sporadic pump wicks just aren't convincing enough that we are at a definitive medium (or even short) term trend reversal point. There's no wider market follow through atm off these pumps.
Possible, on the hourly we are the top of the falling wedge, unless we breakout, this can easely dump harder.

https://imgur.com/a/yh7lR
are.. are you laughing at yourself? 
If nothing else, this post at least proves you are not an American.
I've lost all faith in reddit a long time ago, and I have no idea why the hell I'm still here. But here I am.
Yeah I was being pretty sarcastic, but I guess it was more toward the ironic end of sarcasm which can be hard to read so...

Yeah "Giant Fund or Famous Trader Dude Rumoured To Be Buying Bitcoin After Saying it was Bullshit" is definitely 100% relevant. 
he has a reputation for shorting inflationary fiat actually... I’d say he’s just as likely to short bitcoin to the ground as he is likely to see the contrarian value of deflationary crypto. but it’s most likely he isn’t getting involved at all based on what we know. which is nothing 
Not a lot of people know that Soros was one of main the catalyst of Black Wednesday. 
and i don't even think he does it for money, he does it to control assets. but I doubt he's even involved w/ the fund, really..
I just wouldn't assume you have any clue what soros of all people is doing. Especially when he has a penchant for shorting currencies and driving assets into the ground
Nope, I got it exactly how it should be :D
Haha. But seriously, isn't the First Commandment of Patronising Trading Advice: "Never invest more than you can afford to lose?"
Did I?  I got bull-fudded into closing for a loss but I'm fairly certain I didn't go long afterwards. 

Also, my liquidation was above 10k so I'm pretty sure you're just making stuff up at this point. 

To add to that, after closing at 9.1 it still pumped to 9.8 so I could have made a sizeable profit if I had longed and kept it open for a few days. Pretty sure I didn't long or if I did I closed it very shortly after. 
Yeah i opened a long on perps and short on june futures to get paid funding for my long. Im making only like 100$ a day from it though. Wish i had just gone long.
Well losses are losses whether you realize them or not. If you believe you can reopen even slightly higher then it always makes sense to do so. 
Thanks, very interesting
Why is this so downvoted 
If you really believe in Bitcoin, then selling now is just plain stupid IMO

Sure, trade it if you want, but selling and walking away is a cruising for a bruising if you lose focus of what BTC keeps doing
Yep, so like in all markets it basically turns into a supply vs demand and greed of the both sides. 
I'm surprised how seldom I see a post on here that points out people selling might not necessarily sell their entire stack.

There have been regular posts saying "there are no strong hands here because the people who bought in early 2017 haven't been underwater for ages, if ever, they haven't been tested."

But why wouldn't these people have sold 20, 30, 50% of their stack at $15K+, securing their principle and a bunch of profit too?
But an underwater position can not recover if it is stopped out, right? At 6475 in his example. Perhaps there is confusion in the use of the term... some traders say "stop at 6475" when they mean "alarm at 6475 for me to decide what to do."
To be fair I think part of it is just psychological for me - I know I'm more likely to take risks when I have a shitton of money sitting on an exchange.
Through tight stops?
> what you need to survive day to day

Even that's a gamble. A gamble that you won't drop dead of an aneurysm, and as you drift off into the whatever you think "damnit I just spent $100 on groceries for the week, I should have listen to the TA my doctor gave me that drew a line between how much I was beating off and the likelihood of having a vessel in my brain pop! Guh!"
This can only be said on an individual basis. Ideally, the idea is that instead of using all of your gambling money to play, you're betting a smaller percentage of that stack to have the same or slightly greater effect, with higher risk. Some people are willing to bet their entire stack on a leveraged play, which is dumb, but that doesn't define everyone who uses leverage.
Main reason is to keep less money on the exchange. There is always a small but non-neglible chance that your assets can be stolen off the exchange, the exchange disappears, etc 
Precisely because it reduces exposure to risk if you get it wrong. 
Margin trading allows people to trade with money they don't actually have. I know because I've done it. When it works out it's great. When it goes south and you get margin called it's really bad if you don't have the funds to cover your debt. 
[deleted]
Why can’t they get audited when there are other exchanges that have done this?

Why do they have so many problems with their bank accounts when the other three exchanges I mentioned have never had problems?

Edit: also why have they been subpoenaed?
Nothing wrong with small trades, but if everyone started posting about every 1% scalp they made we'd run out of Internets very quickly. 
I see, thanks
You could also think that the RSI going down while the price doesn't is bullish, but that probably depends on your position...
Actually, for now, there's not enough sellers below 6.4 to sustain a breach through 6k. That's what the market is telling us. 
Like i said, was a gamble. My SL got triggered... Out of position for now 
Agreed. The absolute top of this run should not exceed 7.7-7.8 imo otherwise I'll have to rethink my medium term bearish bias. 
Sadly, no :(
Disagree short to 1 cent.
oh the irony:
i think u meant to say "there is only a small probability that they do well at trading..."
sometimes long term resitance lines are very binary. either break it and rally after or do not break it and drop hard.
Yeah, and it unfortunatley really fits my trading style :/ But now I long the local bottoms instead and try to sell tops and then reshort 
[removed]
[removed]
Man, stop calling me out.
Exactly. To remain above 6k..realistically..we need the bear market to end within a month.

I don't believe it will, my best guess is another couple of months. In which case do I believe we'd drop more than 13% within one of two months? Absolutely possible 
Not off topic as that would be fundamental analysis
I think it'll be quite a bit above 6k by end of year. Probably over 10k
Not at all. Realism.

If the bear market lasts at least another 6weeks minimum are you really suggesting that we won't go down to 6k?

Say the bear market lasts 2months more? Do you not think we would retest 6k?

What about 3months?

No one knows when it will end but I'm very confident  it won't end within 1 month. Therefore it is statistically more likely we'll be going down than up between now and then. 
I'm out of a trade right now, I short and I long depending on the day. I day trade.

If we fall I'll short, if we look like going up I long. Simple concept. 
Sure but put a towel down.
[deleted]
Where did I say 8k would hold? I was merely bullish back then. I don't think the price being down like 20% makes me wrong in any way. Give me a call below $4000 and I'll admit to being slightly wrong. Below $3000 I'll be moderately wrong.
Yeah look at the responses to my comment. Since when is a 2% bleedout that almost retraces the entire pump a nothingburger? 
150...blimey. 149 I could take but this is too much. Bitcoin to zero, why does it have value anyway ;s
?, Ya he made money shorting something that was going to drop anyway because the Bank was using illegal means, not sure I follow. 
The btceur wall survived and held the price long enough. 
Volume across all coins on every exchange is an awful metric. Most of that volume is in X/BTC, so it has nothing to do with buyers coming or leaving whether its higher or lower, it was just people passing the hot potato around, not to mention the even higher percentages of fake volume / wash trading in altcoins. 
His position sizing. I’m just not sure if a whale would publicly declare his trades on here...natural doubts that’s all.
No, I just meant having a 3% or 5% target and a 10% stop...seems kind of reckless, no? You're risking more than you expect to gain, and traditionally most traders reverse that ratio. But hey, it's working for him, so what can I say?
Displace.
Replace
*Mi dispiace.*
It's not been 100% reliable for me, sometimes I open it and it's showing a timeout, but that may be down to the exchange. 
I have to have my ringer volume turned up in order to get it to make sound, which is annoying. Phone on vibrate makes it only vibrate
I trade a bit, but I'm not kidding myself about where the better returns are found. I'm not holding to sell for fiat.  I'm holding to spend.  If things go the way I think they're going to go, and we end up with another 2008-scale (or bigger) financial crisis, the idea of selling Bitcoin for fiat will seem absurd.  

Of course, I haven't liquidated my retirement accounts or taken out a second mortgage or anything like that, but I have a lot more confidence in Bitcoin than in anything else in my portfolio at this point.

Just don't trade more than you can afford to lose.  That's the way I look at it.
it’s been 4 years ;)

3 year hodler would have done pretty great buying at 200 or 160 in Jan 2015. >35x right now
One could be less patronizing.

All the fake prophets and 20/20 hindsighters are exhausting
There it is! Laconic as ever!
oh yes ofc
I want you to go to Google right now and type in "rockefeller cryptocurrency" and see for yourself.
Bro i totally agree that government crypto will likely crash and burn, however, i just dont see them ever truly allowing decentralized crypto to gain mainstream adoption as an alternative payment system to theirs.
This is a trading sub, pretty much the only one around that deals with just trading, no religion. I believe the talk about how to keep bitcoin alive fits better into r/bitcoin.
Agreed, we all have delusions we hold on to. I have these regarding cows and cats and this sub has 'next ATH is a certainty' as theirs.
oooohhhhh I get it now
thanks I get it now
it doesn't even mention bitcoin though. I mean I guess you can assume but usually they explicitly mention it 

and it doesn't even say what  they're Investing in. it could be an alt exchange with USD pairs for all we know 
it's not a top level comment so idk if it matters 

although yes it's much more suited elsewhere 
Copying and pasting obvious satire or something said seriously that sounds like  satire is the definition of a copy-pasta meme. And come on man how does this present Bitcoin in a negative light, it's clearly a joke. 
I have a hard time seeing 5.5k
time will tell eh
lol

I can confirm that I am not american :p
The time to start shorting btc is like........not now. If someone big is getting into btc now, they're either going long or going short when they missed the sweetest plum of the bear market (not saying we're back to bull, but we're unlikely to plummet  anywhere close to the same percentage we just did. 
He was the catalyst for black Wednesday in the same way that a particularly large falling snowflake causes an avalanche.

Yes, that discrete event did cause a state change. But if it wasn't Soros (or that specific snowflake), it would be another one. The environment was fundamentally unstable. 
True. But honestly, everything I'm currently investing is crypto profit anyway. Started out with a lot less. 
I can prove it but you post so many comments in here its not worth wasting my time.
im gonna add a bit to the short at 7050 and wait and see, i feel like ill have a chance to breakeven/small profit soon enough
no clue but i have learned not to care lmao
Isn't that what BTC has always been? Just not government controllable and global, Although everything around it is getting pretty controlled, like how much fiat who is spending, making, trading, taxes etc.
That's why I'm not pessimistic. The dangerous sellers were the late comers after Nov and most of the weak hands would have quitted by now. The mania bubble started at 7-8k and we've already went back down and under it. After the bad news attacks, the recent news were mostly good. So barring major setbacks the current situation of bitcoin is not that bad and a reversal could start at any time.
one day it will be gone, then what?
Yeah. Just depends on how you manage it really. The main thing is that you don't have liquidation to worry about so you can be more generous with your stops. Had I done that earlier I wouldn't have gotten stopped out at 6880
What actually happens if you borrow a bunch of BTC (rather than money) on an exchange and then the exchange collapses?

Since your "debt" isn't in "real money" and since you (presumably) didn't withdraw the BTC to an external wallet, is it simply tabula rasa?


No it reduces your risk of losing your coins if the exchange gets hacked or the exchange disappears. 
NONE of the "other exchanges" was ever audited, if you mean crypto-exchanges. Pretty much ALL of them are getting banking problems, from time to time. Any acronym agency can subpoena anyone for whatever reason or none at all. So, why is there non-stop FUD here targeted at Bitfinex specifically, again?
I actually find it interesting, it's not like every five minutes someone posts about it. 
Actually that would still be a bearish divergence, with price making a higher high while rsi makes a lower high. 
http://www.cmsfx.com/en/forex-education/Forex-Glossary/bearish-divergence/index.html
Fair but people are more likely to come in and sell than buy right now.   People still waiting for cheaper btc 
ah it was not as a reply to my comment so i missed it
The area between the short and long term resistance lines I am watching here basically https://www.tradingview.com/x/KZJy5Hk1. Feels like uncharted territory and in the downtrend, always short those has been the best strategy
Hopefully, yes. And I wired money to an exchange a couple of days ago to buy what I think is bottomish. But these kind of breakouts have happened many many times this year, and they have all been rather disappointing. So I'm just saying this could easily turn out like the last upward spikes - at 8k, 9k, 10k, 11k (that one went all the way up to 15k!) etc.
Lol.. you probably bought above 14K with loan and desperate about the current price.
So you see. Thats why people are becoming reluctant to sell at these levels.
What kind of statistics? How many times do you think BTC even had bear markets? This time the ecosystem is completely different, so to base it on previous one is silly.
Fair enough. I should've said it may push toward 7.9k.
idk I just remember you being very wrong and I sort of chortled a bit when you meekly showed up again a few days later spouting the same nonsense. It's fine to be bullish and I get it if you're doing an act or something but sometimes it seems like you're serious...

these "oh WOW just $150 omg I should sell my coins" posts are just as silly/noisy as the "wow $150 down. this bull is *DEAD*"
It's good to be sceptical, but yes, there are a few such posters declaring their trades on here occasionally.
BitMEX has a lot of liquidity because of leverages. 
>No, I just meant having a 3% or 5% target and a 10% stop...seems kind of reckless, no?

My stop for this trade was 5% as per my post... .
yeah, then you are not the typical hold meme spammer, and then you have reasonable arguments so I agree with your points
Just curious... do you hold gold/silver/other PM in your retirement accounts then? Because based on your response here, I would think that you would. And if you don't, I'm interested to know why not.
>right now

exactly, you have 0 profit until you sell. Anyway, let people do their stupid bullish bias trades then we other can make money and learn instead
exactly, therefore you just trade the in and out and don't care about the past and future
Nah. my mission here is done, I have to return to my people, my planet needs me! 
yes, but at one point like in Venezuela people will turn to crypto
Fair enough. But IMO people who merely see bitcoin as a speculative game won't be able to form a good fundamental opinion of its viability.
Fwiw I don’t “assume” another ATH and I don’t assume the bubble cycle will occur endless times. 

What I do think is that bitcoin will have more buyers (be more bullish) the lower it falls. This seems obvious to me based on pure technicals. if you disagree I find that strange but each to their own.
C'mon man, you honestly think they would skip Bitcoin? 
It was obvious that it was a satire/joke. Still don't see how it contributes anything substantial to this trading sub. Neither does our current discussion contribute anything of value, so I will stop arguing now. Have a nice day.
Originally I was just making a dumb joke, but I guess w/r/t that "going to zero" thing...

Of course you can still lose 15BTC and/or $108,000 without BTC going to zero. You just have to use your 15BTC in some kind of leveraged position and have it go against you really badly.

What are you suggesting? That I lie about my positions? I lied about being massively underwater on a short from 7k to gain internet points with other bears? 

I lie about opening and closing positions even though I post instantly when I do and the price is still at the level I opened and closed? 
Yeah, lower high and higher low is probably a continuation signal for the macro trend. Would start to think twice if we get past 7.5. 
yes, but this is even clearer in this scenario, since it's not FOMO driven
you joking? cause it is. I don't mind, but it is
The price making a higher low while the RSI makes a lower low is a hidden bullish div

On 15min we have both hidden bull and regular bearish divs, on 1H only hidden bull div

Anyway I find them really meaningful only on the 3H and it's completely full of regular bullish divs
Price is going up... Might have a chance to short it but not looking like the dump it was expected 
And? People have been selling for a long time now,since January. People will continue to sell.

Soon as we break under 6k a lot of people will sell, it's human nature. 
OK well please come back to me in a month or maybe longer. I'm not saying it will 100% be under 6k but the odds are pretty damn high at this stage that we'll be going lower. 

You sound in denial to be honest. I can understand that but don't ignore the grand trend. On practically every time frame it's bearish. There is literally no bullishness. More pain will be here soon 
I wasnt wrong, until this baby breaks below $1000.
Yeah after reading through his post history, I don’t think he’s bullshitting. TIL whales post on here.
You're right; I stand corrected. I think it was one of your previous trades where you had a 10% stop and smaller % target.
Right now I’m torn.

It’s a clear bullflag on the charts.

But my gut is saying this will break down.

Doesnt make sense to short, because downside is ‘t too big, but I think we bart back down any minute
ya come on man you work for this rando stranger on reddit, do wut he sayz /s
I regret pressuming what your views are but theres no doubt that the vast majority of this sub does assume those very things i mentioned. 

Your comment about there being more buyers as price goes down seems obviously true but i wonder how strong that inverse relationship is for a highly speculative asset like BTC (i truly do not know)
It just depends what they're investing in, really. I mean...I'm not saying they're gonna be like "what's bitcoin?" I just don't know if it's bullish for *bitcoin* or cryptocurrencies as a whole 
You too, friend. 
Dush isn’t a liar y’all gotta relax on all that

Edit: im sick been typing like shit lately my bad lmao 
Short the bottom : https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/83ctvq/daily_discussion_saturday_march_10_2018/dvii244/

Long the top : https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/83kh4m/daily_discussion_sunday_march_11_2018/dvk1sox/


yes u generally do bs. everyone remebers ur 1000 comments everytime u go short or long. i definitly know u lost on that bull un to 9k
It reaches 7.5 I’m definitely taking the L
It reaches 7.5 I’m definitely taking the L
well at least it slipped back under 7k
I feel like this shit is a coin flip now, either gonna be a big pump or dump that sways this
was a 110 BTC buy wall at finex at 6938 that is now gone. now we go down
So probably 10k you say. 
Even if it is highly likely that you will make at least a 50% profit by end of year human nature is to sell?
lol well that kind of makes you being right or wrong pointless for most people
There are also other whales that are less forthcoming about their holdings and position sizes, but still post TA, entries, thoughts, etc.

And still more that probably lurk on here to gauge retail sentiment and rarely/never post.

That said, it's probably prudent to assume everyone posting is Crypto Chad with fifty bucks until you can ascertain otherwise. After reading for a while, you learn to recognize the serious players and quality posters.
Hahaha whales are people too 😋
totally depends on the timeframe. I wait until 7200 breaks and stays until I do mid term longs
Never a good strategy to ignore the sentiment of the 'vast majority'
if you had hundreds of millions to invest, you certainly can't do it into a coin without liquidity, the market will move too much when you get into/out of positions. maybe they will invest into companies, but DEF into bitcoin, that's where the liquidity is.
Bro this is nuts. I never see these two post positions but they hate non stop. 
Did I not state I closed that short at a loss?  

Do you not realize it went up from 9.4 all the way to 9.8-9.9 before going back down and that 9.4 was not the top? In any case, I don't think I held that long very long at all. 

Should I have been wiped out by 1 bad trade? You realize I longed the top in one of my first trades on bitmex and was down as much as 80% at one point? People recover from bad trades, sorry that you didn't but I'm more inclined to believe you don't even trade. You just talk shit pussy. 
How many times do I have to restate that I closed that short in loss before you motherfuckers develop the reading comprehension skills of a third grader to soak it in? 
Im fiending to dump this long at market for a juicy profit tbh
Joined the dark side. Hope we go to 6800 at least. Time for sleep now. 
 Yes it is.

By your logic people should have stopped selling long ago but here they are... Still selling. 
yea, for the goldfish-tier attention span gambling addicts in this subreddit, probably quite useless indeed.
yeah, agreed. If we cant hold above 7200 for a while, I won’t go long. The upside on a bullish breakout is huge. I don’t anticipate it makes much of a difference if I enter sub 8k or 8k
bitcoin has marginally better liquidity than alts when you're speaking about investing any more than a few dozen million. 

You'd ideally do it OTC 
You were sleeping when it pumped and most likely got liquidated lol.

You are very bad at trading but please continue posting
A lot of people feeling bearish all of a sudden but idk tbh seems like a toss up to me 
Yes they are still selling. But it will slow down. It will get increasingly harder to go to lower levels. The water is getting more and more gelatinous. Imo
there is an in between ya know
That sounds reasonable.
I could not care less what you think of my trading abilities. I'll keep posting whenever I want you cocksocket. 
Would be nice to pump to 7.2 so i can fill another short and close this long
Whilst that's true to a point, I've heard this at every single price point. People said it at 12k, 10k,9 8 and 7.

If and when 6k breaks, people will say the same...

Dont forget as well people sell to short, there are plenty of people out there. The shorts under 6k will probably be massive 
But alright, to not come off as overly disingenuous, I'll admit defeat if we spend more than 24h (continuously) below $4800.
Yeah continue as I said best inverse trader in here, keep up the good work
I can’t see 7.5 getting broken now but 7.2 still can
If this bleeds out to 6.9 I can break even, u think I should Lmao??
I am mainly an investor. I am a bad trader. I do not trade on margin.

The buy pressure is increasing as we go down. For example the india fud or bad news has put some sell pressure on, but the price did barely move. News as increasingly lesser inpact on the price.
As prices go down short become more risky. 
I belive it is likely that we will go down further. But for me as an investor I am thinking of slowly buying if we go down. I have promised myself that I must stomach it. Even if its against nature.

And on the otherhand i will be selling if we go up.
okay now i feel bad for giving u shit, you're pretty reasonable and i rescind my statements.

I agree on the inverse- if we cannot manage to break $5k in like 2-4 weeks then we're probably headed up to $8-10k at least again
Well we've been doing alot of that double and triple top shit lately so  i'd say we got a better than 50% chance of going to 7.2-7.4 than we do of going back down to 6.6-6.8 on the next big move.

TLDR: yeah id close for breakeven and wait it out or even long
Don't feel bad about giving me shit, because I shitpost like an idiot 90% of the time, and then sometimes switch to reasonable mode, like I did now, and actually express my real thought without mixing them with a lethal of idiocy. But when I'm in shitpost mode there is little reason to be found in what I say.
i fell asleep in fever mode and this bich really bounced off 6850 XD thats where i was gonna set a close too
oh shit, whats the move now then broski
This looks like one of those slow climbs that's gonna come crashing back down to earth, im not worried till post 7.5
Feel the same way. I closed my long, only short now. Might add at 7.4 but I doubt we make a higher high than last time so I agree that 7.5 is the max it's going. 
This shit taking forever brooo and this volumeeee sheesh 
Nailed it broski 
well i closed that short for decent profit but now i dont got the balls to long this, dunno what to do
Staying out of position is a position bro, that's what I'm doing but I got laddered sells from 6830 to 7130 and hoping for a reentry. I definitely won't be longing this tbh. 
Yea this might be the most split ive seen the sub in a while too, should be interesting
now im thinking about opening a small long seems low risk to me at least in the short term
Ended up doing that, pretty conservative as far as position size goes tho 
damn i hope u didnt get rekt bro
Got stopped out of my short at breakeven this morning then shorted at 7.7 and closed at breakeven. 

What you up to broski 
I just reopened a small short after getting stopped out from that fukin wave, that shit was so random XD
Yeah I'm somewhat bullish now but that was definitely the most crazy pump in recent memory. 
yea im getting bullish rather quickly here, this is ridiculous now
im done shorting for a while tbh XD if that was the bottom this is fuking bullish af 
Let's see what happens bro, im looking at a H and S forming for BTC and major alts like ETH, could still see a retest of low 7'2 and remain optimistic. 
i opened a big ass short around 8.2 any thoughts for a close?

