[Daily Discussion] Saturday, June 09, 2018 -- TITLE
#New post: [\[Daily Discussion\] Sunday, June 10, 2018 →](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8pyf8i/daily_discussion_sunday_june_10_2018/)
Point and Figure Chart https://i.imgur.com/y8BX8vl.png  There is a beautiful lack of long poles- over 8 months of all long poles being resolved.  About 2 weeks ago we resolved the last of the long poles and we have been going sideways since with smaller and smaller columns.  Range is very tight, between 7,326 and 7,776.  A larger range exists between 6,373 and 9,972.  A breakout of this larger PNF range would signal a confirmation of break out from the large wedge:

https://www.tradingview.com/x/77nv3O36/  A large symmetrical wedge with majority of volume at the apex has formed.  Bbands getting tight on the daily, the 3 day, and even the weekly timeframe.  We will now have a decision.  Some things to keep in mind:  

1. We are still in a downward trend on the weekly timeframe.  Since this wedge is in the weekly timeframe, that means statistically its more likely to break down.

2. We could see sideways price movement for another 2 months or more before the wedge resolves.  That would be bullish to consolidate at this price level for so long.

3. Smaller wedge has formed on lower timeframe (4h-1d), as drawn in green in chart above.  You will find it difficult to trade these since volume is low and range is tight.

Fundementals will decide if we break up or down.  Taking a look at mainstream interest, articles about bitcoin and blockchain are less in number.  Google trends reveals lower lows and lower highs for all bitcoin related searches (bitcoin, buy bitcoin, sell bitcoin, crypto, cryptocurrency).   https://i.imgur.com/tZ4w8no.png  Only a few select altcoins are showing higher highs and higher lows on google trends.

By the way, I am /u/joyrider5, proof on my twitter: https://twitter.com/joyrider50/status/999774124259004416  Sadly I lost control over my account so will be posting on this one for now on.
Sideways is the real max pain
A little bit of T&A for the gents and laydays

I posted this on May 29th and [my analysis hasn't changed much.](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8mw5vt/daily_discussion_tuesday_may_29_2018/dzrmqgx)  

The most sturdy pattern we've seen since January is the large pennant being drawn out on larger time frames.  This pennant is a continuation pattern and indicative of market indecisiveness.  It's neither inherently bullish nor bearish and the accompanying low vol, which some are reading as bearish, is simply part and parcel of the decaying coil pattern and along with it volatility.  I'm convinced that the wedge break will determine the next 2-3 months of price action. 

I see 3 potential simple and safe trades in the immediate term that I'll act upon.

1) There is a downtrend line from May 15th that price is just now bumping up against.  I haven't seen it mentioned much because it dates back nearly a month now, but a break above this line would be a strong technical reversal signal.  I'll buy the break above this line

2) We may soon revisit the bottom of the pennant.  Despite how bearish this price action might look, I'll be buying a bounce off the support with stops set below the line.  If the line breaks down I reverse trade.  Good R:R here.

3) Inversely if we get a rally, I'll be shorting off the top of the pennant and reversing trade if the pennant breaks upwards.  Again, good R:R

[Here's a chart for reference](https://www.tradingview.com/x/ofDRqUpP/)

I think most cautious traders are simply sitting on the sidelines currently and waiting for confirmation of direction - this explains, in part, the low volume.  This period of low volatility is forecasting a much larger move on the horizon.  Historically, periods of low volatility after a correction have mostly moved to the upside.

One of the things that's struck me is that all prior bubbles have exhibited a similar pattern in which price eventually rallies ~50%+ about 5-6 months after the crash. This event has historically coincided with a break in the downtrend resistance from ATH.  After this price stabilizes and then has continued up in all instances with the exception of 2014. 

[2011](https://www.tradingview.com/x/gRNjaW09/)

[2013](https://www.tradingview.com/x/hAdzTtXb/)

[2014](https://www.tradingview.com/x/Pzwh3VWE/)

In contrast the break from log this go around exhibited a 15% rise, only to double back down into the continuation pattern we're currently seeing. It differs from other bubbles in this regard.

[2018](https://www.tradingview.com/x/wxVGihcy/)

I'm not sure what to make of it... but honestly it doesn't matter... all I'm trying to do is identify points of decision and follow the market.  No need to predict the future here.  

Happy to hear any comments or opinions on the above.

Safe trades.
I don’t agree with much of what Vitallik says, but this quote describes crypto perfectly:

‘It’s the luck of the draw, where everyone who won the draw seems to feel like they deserved it for being smarter’
Welp. At least something is happening.
*"Hey, how is your Bitcoin doing? Saw a report on TV about it, it's really interesting but I don't get it. When I talk about it to my friends nobody has a clue. Where is that Bitcoin centre again, Russia? That huge hall full of computers!"*

- My mom, 10 minutes ago
This is so boring i might as well go back to learning for my anatomy exam. :(

Could capitulation manifest itself like this instead of an even bigger drop in price btw? For example since January the comment count on r/cryptocurrency fell more than 10x, and some people genuinely cashing out or stop trading because it got so boring/price action doesnt make sense.

Anyway, this is likely a stupid idea, im just spitballing here because i hate anatomy and i like reading the comments here.
Long at 7600, tight stop loss at 7525. 7540 was yesterday’s low, a break through that & I expect this to go down much further. Personally, I’m starting to lean bullish after all of this sideways movement these past few weeks. 
!long XBTUSD 7584 5X 20%

This the results of my DCA yesterday. I have a stop loss under 7400. I'm in the country with friends having fun (booze weed, nature and d&d) so won't be looking at the charts this weekend. Ok maybe a little bit of looking. Enjoy your weekend everybody.
2.5k 24hr vol on gdax... last time I saw this kind of volume was early last year...
to anyone who thinks we're going to go sideways for any extended period of time: 

open interest on bitmex swaps has increased from 81,298 btc on May 30th to 92,468 btc today. So a 13.7% increase in open interest without the price moving more than 1%.

bitfinex longs+shorts has increased from 50,000 to 56,000 during this sideways: a 12% increase

as long as open interest increases, the chance of a large pop becomes increasingly likely. 

Do not get comfortable in your positions if open interest continues to increase- you will wake up to riches or liquidation :)
The good news is that I'm now even more bullish than before the dump.
People who are screaming that this is the end I think are putting the cart in front of the horse here. We have a lot of longs closing and a lot of shorts opening with this drop. Not to say it doesn't look bad, it does look bad, but it also doesn't look like we're going to fall out of the sky right now. I was just on cryptowatch on my phone so I have no idea if the whole position went through but I saw a 300 sell wall at 7360 and then the price jumped to 7380 and the volume was more than 300 so it seemed like someone decided to take that bet. It's not like that person couldn't be wrong and the price keeps plummeting but it does seem some people are confident enough to buy here. Just like how you don't want to fomo buy, try not to fomo sell either.
I can't take this anymore. It's been months of dispair. I need to quit trading. Might just sell sell off some crypto to put it into weed stocks. With the way things keep going I'm thinking 2018 will be a slow year. I'm not quite convinced of dispair but rather the relatively flat market for the rest of the year ranging up and down $2k-$3k. Then maybe 2019 sell off some stocks to put back into crypto. I might just rebalance some of the crypto portfolio put some BTC into DCR as the later has a much nicer long term chart as it stands and the capital gains taxes on Bitcoin will be relative low by selling them off at these prices to do the rebalancing. 
Okay, I am going to enjoy the 4x4 in the Dubai desert and I expect 7777 level when I get back. Currently $50K long @~~7520~~  7570. Have fun everyone!
The last 12h volume is just crazy low. On Bitfinex it is the lowest volume 12h candle since March 2017 (that is the history I can get from [Bitcoinwisdom.com](https://Bitcoinwisdom.com) and in this whole time no candle had lower volume. 
[deleted]
So did June 6 mark the start of a downtrend instead of an uptrend?
[deleted]
Here is a link to Thomas Bulkowski's symmetrical triangle page. Shown at the top of the page is what he calls a BULL market symmetrical triangle 
 . . http://thepatternsite.com/EWTriangleSymmetrical.html . . notice his rules for a symmetrical triangle shape which kinda look to be in sync with the present situation, one which is "volume and volatility tend to recede over the life of the pattern, but this is not a requirement" . . just posting this for feedback . . I tried to match  daily chart to it but not sure of how the ATH would fit to the Elliot wave points . .  https://www.tradingview.com/x/mfY72tGZ/ . . thoughts?
finally some volume. almost 20% of the daily volume in 15 minutes. 
Comment volume drying up 
Symmetrical triangle on the 4h I noticed. 

Don’t really know what to make of it though from all this chop. 

Maybe a breakout since it’s a continuation pattern?

https://www.tradingview.com/x/0ihBo55R/

Edit: Or breakdown lol
May 28 to today looks like a mini version of 4/6 to 5/28, which in turn was a smaller version of the previous wave that started 2/5 and ended 3/29. Each of the previous 2 waves ended higher than it started. Each of those waves was characterized by low volume increases as well.
Whew, Quite the breakdown... being bearish makes me sad and almost more sad when I’m right.

Watching the 1h EMA12 for a short entry.  Unlikely to keep this open for long, high probability of a bounce off the triangle and/or the low of the bounce around 7050.

May reopen a short if we break 7000.
2 years until the next halving. The most vital piece of info in all your analysis. 
!long 7300 BTC 100%
I'm buying this bullish dump.  
I give up. this just feels bullish now, I know in my gut that my short is lost. Once again, I have managed to long the top and short the bottom. I'm not gonna close here because slippage would fuck me anyway and I'm holding out a teeny bit of hope...but my gut tells me I am going to wake up liquidated. 
Might be initiation move to break 6 month triangle.
Green hourly? 
seeing decent sized buys, so back in at 7324
for old time's sake...

gdax on the first day we ever hit $10k, about 4 hours before it actually hit it:

https://i.imgur.com/jOMFZm2.png

Look at that ask side!! 1260 btc to move up $45!

e: another fun one, premiums back when the market was overwhelmingly bullish still! https://i.imgur.com/QdOFP52.png. on 1/24/2018

if there's any personal information on here that I didn't crop out someone tell me please
Gdax at lowest 24hr volume i think I've ever seen it at.
Most of the new shorts opened at 7400.  Longs dropped somewhat steady until 7385ish, then dropped a bit harder.  At the current price of 7312 (changing rapidly) shorts are around 1.3% in the green, and longs haven't picked back up yet.

I would not be surprised at all if we ended up bouncing off 7300 here and headed back up pretty fast.  The new shorts from 7400 are probably going to want to protect their profit, and the longs who stopped out might see it as a chance to buy back in a bit lower or at least where they stopped out.

Or goblin town :)
got stopped out at $7538...now to pick the right place to get back in


RSI on the last 30 and 60m candles closed at lowest since March 2017
Seems like a retest of 7250 held. If 7300+ holds with decent volume I don’t see any reason for despair. We had ultra tight B.B. and had a ~5% dip in price. Did we really get so normalized to ~2% swings and barts that 5% is the end of the world? 
Only trade all week was basically a scalp. In and out and protect capital until at least this resolves 
https://www.tradingview.com/x/a2i3kw72/

Might enter again if it hits the lines and stays there.

!long xbtusd close 7635


Can anybody point me to a BTCUSD shorts vs longs graph that doesn't break my browser???
OK, this is so boring I open a 1 contract long 100x from  7643 on XBTM18

Waiting patiently for the 1d to cross here before I do big trades https://www.tradingview.com/x/Z5tvFmnb
Every Bband between the 4h and the 1w is the tighetest since *at least* October 2017 (maybe also the 2h Bbands, but not sure).
It appears the market has picked a direction...

[Coinbase BTCUSD point and figure breakdown at $7300](http://cryptopnf.com/pnfs/BTCUSDCoinbase201806091757404352.png)  
Long from $7,300. There is cause for concern but yet I am still optimistic. We’ve broken down and it doesn’t look good but it is ol’ Bitcoin way of thangs to be hunting stops before another large move. Stop losses at $7,100.

I also have a fiat hedge short from $7,570 that got closed at $7,350 and reopened $7,300.
Something is happening!

Edit:  Never mind, nothing happened :)
Idk about you guys, but my bitmex interface has only one button and it's "Market buy".
closed my 3,5 week long from 7628, shorted 7640 at the same time.  Not happy with either entry really but also no buying pressure so can scalp here with 25x short
this is the trigger for another 2 weeks of blood bath isn't it
Busted through support on our bear flag on the daily. Also broke through multiple higher lows. 4hr BBands expanding. Bulls having more trouble propping up the price this high for much longer.
I bet the current 4hr candle which began as a bearish engulfing candle will actually turn into a hammer before it closes.  I have noticed a tendency for this to occur on capitulation selling candles to make a huge recovery -- either in the form of a dead cat bounce if it retraces only half or less of the engulfing or at least 3/4 to form a hammer -- before likely resuming the downtrend.
[:)](https://i.imgur.com/zcGtCQt.jpg)
Do you think such a high MACD indicator on the monthly means anything?

https://s25.postimg.cc/hklfs9npr/Schermata_2018-06-09_alle_16.13.04.png
Say one thing, if we break down from this huge triangle.. The move is likely to be bloody big. Certainly big enough to break under our previous lows and possibly into the 4s.

Likewise the move up could definitively end the bear market.

There's a lot at stake here really in the coming month. This really will be the calm before the storm... 
https://www.tradingview.com/x/9iEGzySH/

close below $7400 (more like $7300-7350) would confirm double top, looks a bit like an A&E top

small lil $300 target down


Check out price action of Bitfinex BTC:

https://imgur.com/a/sUmyFaJ

Out of nowhere, a 100 BTC buy wall appeared at $7626. It was a legit wall. As you can see, it started to get eaten up and when it got down to about 50 BTC, it got pulled and moved down a few dollars below. Then after 3 seconds, it immediately got pulled and further drop ensued
So basically we got robbed at:
- new year (2018)
- Chinese New Year
- Wall Street bonuses
- consensus
- June 6 rally

What magical date or time is left until the year closes for the magical bull run to kick in?
Someone critique my analysis please:

If I were a betting man and sought aggressive entries, I'm calling this hope crushing panic selling, we'll be at 6.8 this time tomorrow at the latest. Reasoning is that while there is still buying, it's only bc we're just on the first leg down and there's still some hope left that it might bounce at 7300. However the buying is timid and is no comparison to sell pressure. Big sellers could wait for buyers to push price up another 100 interval before selling but they're not, they're continually selling into the buys and competing over <$50 increment rises before dumping aggressively.

At 7300 there's a reason for a pause since it would make sense for price to bounce to 7500-7600 from here, so they're taking advantage and drawing in more buyers, but if you look at how quickly buys are being sold into on the 1/5min chart, it don't look like they're accumulating.

Am i pulling shit out of my ass or is this a good framework as we're watching this live?
If you look at long timescales, both shorts and longs are at high levels. In general, leveraged positions and derivatives trading is way up. That is why we have these $100-200+ jumps all the time. Expecting to continue seeing that a lot, until leveraged trading goes down or we have a huge move.
I think this sideways movement with low volume is nothing else but someone just can't accept defeat. When bears or bulls will give up at some point we will get to new price range, the real one with way more volatility. Is it 10Kish or 5Kish that's the real question. 7k is no man's land. 
3 day MACD. 3 day candles. Some lines I feel others are drawing. https://i.imgur.com/FvToh1U.png

Best bet is a short squeeze to $9000 then bleed out a bit for the rest of the summer. Then another crazy fall and winter of buying.
A note on OBV (On-balance volume)

As you may know, OBV is calculated simply by netting green and red volumes. If a candle is green, the total volume of the candle is added. If red, subtracted. When the price is going up, it's natural for OBV to go up as well, since you would expect more green candles on average. Otherwise, it's divergence.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/ne9myBAO/

~~BTC's price has gone up from 7050 to 7600, yet OBV is in a clear downtrend. According to Wikipedia, this is called "negative divergence." I personally interpret it as the following: **on average, up moves were created by low volume whereas down moves were created by high volume, relatively.** This is one of the important reasons why I think distribution is happening, not accumulation.~~

~~Now, since the sign of the volume depends totally on whether the close is higher than the open, it *can* be manipulated by whales. That's why I use lower time frames, as they can't possibly manipulate every 5 minute candle. But theoretically speaking, they can still manipulate the OBV figure by wash-trading (e.g. creating enormous fake volume and then closing $1 above/below)~~

I'm sorry, please ignore my post. The picture completely changes if I change the time frame to sub-10 minutes
Conflicting signal between OBV(distribution) and Accumulation/distribution indicator(accumulation):

https://www.tradingview.com/x/LgnXAkjt/

I'm at the end of my fucking wits.. Can anyone offer insights?

(Reposting on the new daily because I had posted 9 minutes ago.)
So nice sitting in a hedge short during these times of uncertainty. It's like sitting in fiat but I also get paid beer money every 8 hours.
To me it feels like we are just going sideways for a long while here between 7000 and 7800 waiting for shorts to accumulate for another pop up
Assumption: A 1:3 Risk to Reward ratio is a fundamental benchmark many traders and investors use when taking positions.

Observation: Our most recent top range was $19,252-$19,800. Our most recent bottoms have been approximate 1/3 of these values (Candle closes of ~$6,928 on Feb 5/6 and ~$6,563 on April 4, wicks ranging deeper).

Hypothesis: We found the bottom months ago when the Risk:Reward ratio of longing Bitcoin neared or hit 1:3.
Hidden Bearish Divergence on the daily?

I may not be the first to post about this on here, sorry if I missed it.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/J1XZ72Ah/

From babypips:
Indicates underlying weakness. Found during retracements in a downtrend. Nice to see during price retests of previous highs. “Sell the rallies”

I guess the question is... has this divergence already played out on the drop to 7540 or is there potential for additional downside ahead?
H&S on the 4hour..
accumulation stage in effect: https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/QMxOFbNy-DIGITAL-ALPHA-UPDATE-BTC-Summer-is-coming-will-BTC-heat-up/
I am now out of my long, going to see if it will make a double bottom with May 29th's 7k later in the next week.  By then, daily RSI and Stoch RSI should reset.
Where else are we headed?
1-3 day stoch rsi all switching to downward momentum. 1 day bbands really tight. This looks like a bit more than the barts we've had for the past weeks.
Those complaining about low volatility and low volume have very short memories.  It has happened many times for months on end.  Look at Feb-May 2016 for but one example. Usually a huge run up happens after such a period.

This could go on for a few months.  Toss your wallet in a safe and enjoy your summer.  You're rich -- you just don't know it yet.

Closing my position at pretty much a wash and sending everything to cold storage.  See y'all in the fall.
This breakdown is way too far way too fast for me, I wouldn't be surprised by a quick green wick/candle back. Can't speak to short term but IMO people are waiting on serious market moves and not willing to commit... I'm obviously totally wrong and it's about to dump sub 7k, but a man can dream. 
That breakdown was significant. I shorted. Will add more at 7200 and max it out at 7k.
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/YQIWFMsa-Bitcoin-they-won-t-make-it-easy/
1hr looks like a head and shoulders bart 
That the bounce?
guys and gals, take a step back from the day to day bullshit.  Is anyone confused as to whether this (btc trading/tech) will be done away with as we go forward? No? ok b/c it won't. So imagine when btc becomes essentially what nano is via the lightning network...and the fiat on-roads support institutional investors....we're all sitting on the edge of what is essentially a digital revolution.  it will be violent and amazing. Just remember that while fixating on the day to day..... :) 

Would not surprise me if a hammer formed in the waning hours of the daily candle to salvage the weekly candle before moving up like nothing happened.
Volume on this latest bart drop is pretty anemic. Just more random noise to me.
this week I made more % gain on stocks than on crypto. Times are changing :D
Finally the price is dumping when the CME is closed. When CME opens we will need to go up to fill the gap.
Is poloniex down right now?
taker fees on bitmex are a bit too high lately.
is it possible to short on the pro coinbase platform
Closed my 5x long from 7400 at 7325. This shit is going down. Debated going short but it didn't feel like a great entry. I obviously wish I has taken profits in hindsight, but I stuck to my strategy and will look to re enter at another point.
I appreciate the chance to scoop up some more Btc. Hand off your bags and thanks for playing. 
Volumes are plummeting as CFTC subpoena more exchanges in relation to manipulation probe. Probably doesn't help exchanges didn't voluntarily provide trading records 
Larger h&s might get triggered too - what closing price on what time frame would trigger it for most traders, 4hr? close below 7374? 7348? 7333? 7268? - BTCUSD Bitfinex
Where can I check the number of longs and short in real time ? Is there a place to get a number that is cross platform (bitfinex + bitmex etc) and how helpful is that indicator for trading in your opinion ? 
here we goooo

pamp
leggo
to mt. pamppp
asdf
asdf
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99
100!!!!!
I have been redeemed, at least I hope so. The BBand squueze 4H and under has broken HARD to the downside. This weekly could potentially close under 7k tomorrow
Wouldn't surprise me at all to see a repeat of June 6th and see this just rally up to above 7600 within a few hours. Would be nice to see a close in the mid 7300's of the 6hour candle to prove this move down has legs.
Trying to line it up with the bubble popping in 2014. It's moving quicker and we'll see if this dumps to $3000-$4000

https://i.imgur.com/AFnSzNl.png


Here's my bearish leaning 12h chart with bearish looking cloud front, fib fan downward pressure, and TD buy 9 support turned resistance. Bulls aren't even *trying* to fight this losing battle -- forgive me for being so gung ho, but it's bad. There is no strategy that bulls can pull *at this point in time* to gather buying power from the sidelines. My guess is bears know this, and don't need to do anything but let gravity do its work. Price is not going to get lean and fit without movement. Inertia makes BTC heavy.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/nuUkbtW0/
3k bois 
what does traditional TA says?: [https://imgur.com/a/AwWjMA2](https://imgur.com/a/AwWjMA2)
I got mocked when I added short at 7745, on here and Tradingview. Now, I won't be that guy who says IN YOUR F..

No, I will try to not be that guy.. Though, Maybe the fact that I'm posting this comment is indirectly saying it
Done, inflating tyres again. Not much excitement on BTC though. 
Damn, this looks bad. Closing all my longs and consider opening shorts. The $3k everyone's been talking about becomes more and more realistic and plausible every minute that goes by ... bulls have lost power. I wish bulls good luck though, but be prepared for $3k range, perhaps even lower. The longer I look at the charts, the more depressing it seems. I am slowly starting to realise how similar 2017's run was to 2013's, and feel kinda stupid for having bought the $20k - $100k meme - not gonna happen anytime soon, if ever.

Feel good having closed my longs on BTC and LTC, will go to bed now. 
Price went down, must be manipulation, right?

/s
Short since $15k and I am so grateful for the work the blockstream core devs are doing to keep the price going down. I doubt we'll ever see $10k again. Predicting a significant break down out of the wedge.
All the good news about Bitcoin recently and we still haven't pumped. Hashrate is fucking EXPLODING and we still haven't pumped. Lots of alts might be classified as securities and that money flow will go back to BTC, we still haven't pumped.

I'm thinking there's two possible scenarios here:

1) We are just straight up at the start of a bear market, and just like 2014 when we had nonstop good news about adoption, we will go down no matter what. I think this is the less likely scenario.

2) BTC needs a larger capitulation to shake out all the longs and then it will make an explosive move back up, essentially creating some sort of very evident reversal formation on the charts, giving us confidence back. I think this is the more likely scenario, a quick stab down to 5k and strong bounce.

I think if we were going to go straight back to bull from this price level, it would have done it already sometimes over the past week or so.
Ok, so a number of experienced traders said I was crazy to think I can average 0.5% - 1% of my stack trading each day.  I've decided to make this my daily goal with consequences.  Any day I don't get at least 1/2% I eat only Soylent the next day.  Days where I'm not actively trading don't count either way (I'll be in fiat and I'm only counting my trading money).  Time starts at midnight eastern time zone.  I will update daily how I'm eating :)

I haven't decided what to do as a penalty if I lose more than 1% in a day...

With that being said, this really low volatility will make it hard...
Dropping pretty hard...this could be a bad news drop that we just don't know about yet.
*Btc is a scam breh* - literally everyone I know
This could go either way, but got to think the smart money has to be short if this is trading sideways.  Bad news to cause a dump is 20x more likely than good news to cause a rise.   

And this year has been full of bad news, with more like to come.
Buy.  You know it makes sense.
[deleted]
Let me guess, yet another day were we range between 7450-7750. To predictable. I sure as hell wouldn't want to trade this and I think that's the point.
nice to have these back !!
Never noticed that you could draw the support so that it touches before the 20k run up...

/u/sloppysynapses you saw that?
What makes it a downtrend? We haven't made a new low or high in months. Wouldn't this more be considered consolidation?
60 days sideways price movement... boring and yet realistic. Lets see/hope if something fundamental will happen soon, up or down, as trading inside this small wedge is difficult indeed. Thanks!
Thank you for pointing out that the Google Trends chart are not completly irrelevant!
That's why I say the break out from this triangle will be huge. So many people on the sidelines waiting where this will go. Volume is non existent. They'll jump in the train as soon this moves.
Vitalik is a smug jackass with amazing development talent. If Linus Torvalds is any indicator--he'll go far. 
Every single time I get in an argument with permabulls OG and they begin to lose the argument or don't know how to explain themselves any further they lord it over my head how much more bitcoin and money they have than me. It's pretty pathetic considering they just won the lottery basically
This is so relatable. I get friends and parents' friends going "how's bitcoin doing" like bitcoin is my fucking dog's name, lmao.
Ask her to Google it! 
bullish!
She talk about Bitcoin. HYPE confirmed!!
These are the people that have to buy in and lose if you want another bullrun.

2011 Cypherpunks, drug buyers, etc

2013 White young internet males

2017 Korean students, salarymen, coinbase app users

2022 Your mom
I suppose you facepalmed.
Capitulation will be on the short side just like it always is.

Go study anatomy.
It would have been fairly high volume for the time. It's worth comparing to local bitcoins volume. Percentage wise, volume is much lower for Coinbase vs localbitcions. This indicates an oversold market that's basically been abandoned by traders. Distribution seems very unlikely in this market. There isn't anyone to distribute to and buyers have almost 0 pressure to speed up accumulation.

Sideways summer of 2018. Just in time to enjoy life.
Does GDAX count Coinbase "Pro" volume?
Lowest I have seen. 
Also, Finex volume is barely above 5k
Nice call thank you for pointing this out.
Queue the popcorn memes.  Either way it'll be interesting!
10x long with 50%, 10x short with 50%, go to sleep and set alarms at liq points :-D
Dammit, just when I was getting comfortable. 
It's even more extreme, after that pump at the end of may it fell back to under 80k BTC, it increased by 10k in 3 days or so. 
Stops set on my short overnight at 7865 while I am unavailable to check prices. Don't think they will hit but good putting just in case.
Stacey gets scared when you're so bullish.
On bitfinex? in retrospect, 353BTC were bought on that minute candle. Was it with 1 large print on the tape or many small ones?
> I saw a 300 sell wall at 7360 and then the price jumped to 7380 and the volume was more than 300 so it seemed like someone decided to take that bet. 


niceeee, impatient traders capitulating out of crypto is a buy symbol for me. This gives me faith to stick to my plan of buying between 6.9 and 7.1k.
Do you own any POTcoin?
Buy stocks. traditional market then goes to a recession because of the 10 year bull run. Rest in rip. 
have fun, i hope you dont get burned! (@both :) 
Tourist? Its very hot right now in the desert
Who wants buy corn? Anyone? Anyoooonnneeeee....
Yeah it's a classic. Tell me, what do I need to do to break out of this?
Marks nothing except death of that meme
Just zoom out for a bit... We continue this boring sideways trend. It is good to see bears making some money again with this $350 long squeeze. Congrats with your profits, and don't forget to jump off in time. 
it stops working once people figure it out 
what does this mean for the direction of the next wave?
You can even count the move up from 6k to 20k and back to 6k as the first wave with 20k and 17k as the two tops. 
What wave are you referring to? Do you have a chart?
[would this still be valid?](http://imgur.com/cHYq6Bj)
So, he makes it look like a reversal pattern there...but what he calls a "running triangle" would be the continuation version?
http://thepatternsite.com/EWTriangleRunning.html
Nice find, definitely seems to fit the bull pattern from where you started. 

Edit: you could almost consolidate your A starting at the 20k peak and still ending at the same location. Not sure how liberal you can be with the waves for it to still be valid
Not the kind of volume I was looking for :(
Up 100% in an hour 
I'm bearish on the sub's daily comments
Short BticoinMarkets.volume 100X
How could it not? The price only moves in pennies; it's just wash.
Good timing lol. I swear this market is so hard to trade. I’m not even trying right now, I’m just sitting by and watching.
Under water longs will change the narrative to make this somehow bullish and call you idiot none the less (you aren't).
In my opinion, this event will bring upon 100k bitcoin levels 
Now, instead of adding $15 a week to my buy orders (distributed to the best of my discretion every Sunday), I'm going to add **$20**. Thanks for the reminder. 
That is well said. And in about a year people will start realizing and buying ;)

But yes, we are going to hit scarcity. I look forward to that.

This year - please pleas stagnate. I would love to add anotther dozen or two coins.
why so? underlying fundamentals do not reflect mid term market changes 
if I don’t ever write again in this thread it’s cuz I lost my fingers catching that knife 
Either a really good, or a really stupid move.
As we were rejected twice from the 7280's, I thought 7300 was a good entry point for a long as well. Target 7400.

Edit : closed at 7330. Don't have the nerves for this one.
Hope that long is for very short term. 
Chad dip buyer right here
I'm out, it's going $100.
>I know in my gut that my short is lost. Once again, I have managed to long the top and short the bottom.... my gut tells me I am going to wake up liquidated. 

Sounds like your gut has proven to be a poor trader. Not sure why you're still listening? 
Look at the daily, something tells me this is going to keep creeping up slowly. Call it intuition or whatever you want call it, but something has changed in this market. 

FYI- I know This is a trader subreddit and intuition doesn't count as TA, but whatever...sue me.
Trading is hard. Taking a break is good. For me, I realised how much I was tunnel visioning on minor details. If it's any consolation I don't think a short is bad right now.
Honestly, there is a decent chance this will chop around and give you a better exit before pumping. Don't do anything emotional, it sounds like you entered on emotion, too
[Don't trust your gut](http://www.peopleiquote.com/assets/cache/idMTdlNWJjNWM2NzZj-ae28ec476d78350615d8676821980fff.jpg)
Don't you dare give up on me! I'm holding a short too lol I think it's too early to say anything / despair.

The real confirmation of a reversal for me would be a close above 8100. 
I’m going to bed with a short position with stops around 7750. It’s a small amount with tight stops but I feel pretty bearish because of the low volume on the green candles today and the decreasing OBV while price increases. I don’t usually leave a position open overnight, but sometimes it works out.
>  have managed to long the top and short the bottom. 

You should start posting at ethtrader


Or more serious tip, start reading real trading books if you haven't Learning about the strategic parts of speculation, position management, scaling in and out and so on. Since 1 year when I for real started studying the topic and stop listened to the "hurr durr muh hold meme btc moon bla bla" kids and memes my trading has improved by orders of magnitudes
Very likely at this point yes. 
weak move if so.  
Be careful man, volume on coinbase and bitstamp tell different story
Book is thicker than *War and Peace*.
>if there's any personal information on here

You charted with a line instead of candles :)
Hey, Sloppy. Do you have any positions open?

I have an underwater (not that far down in the ocean) short, and I was wondering how you're viewing the market, after that 7550 bear trap and bounce to 7660 now
Holy shit, that order book is thicc!
GDAX is just a small player... have a look at combined orderbook... it takes 10K BTC to move price up/down by 1&#37;

[http://data.bitcoinity.org/markets/books/USD](http://data.bitcoinity.org/markets/books/USD)
Looks like a bear flag still forming to me. Volume decreasing again seems to confirm that.

As always, flags can break against their bias, but longing here is playing with fire imo.

On the flip side, big picture this could certainly just be more chop, and if it's chop that ends up breaking up (be that tomorrow or in 3 weeks) it'd certainly be a decent to great entry.

Depending on how you draw the flag and how risky/cavalier you want to be regarding calling a breakdown too early you could also say we've broken down from a flag on the 3d.
When BBands are tight like that and we have an impulsive move, that signifies the start of a new trend on whatever timeframe those bands were. We are now in a downtrend on all timeframes 12H and lower.
Retest or just an oversold bounce?  Hourly rsi was in the teens for a few minutes there.  15m rsi quite low as well.
Position closed with success



* Position: long xbtusd

* Opening value: 7,560.00

* Average value: 7,560.00

* Closing value: 7,635.00

* Leverage: 10.00X

* Stack: 50.00%

* PnL: 0.74%

[Check Open Positions](https://www.anotherbot.info/)


you can add it as an indicator on tradingview
You'll get liquidated and we'll be back here ;-)
That is a lot of room on your stop.  I expected one at $7250, not $7100.  But I guess if you are going for a home run, then makes sense to do it that way.
I was watching the charts this morning, but I got bored and watched a 10 hour video of paint drying on a wall on YT for some excitement.
LMAO you're cute
saturday night feels. shots n hodl 
Opened a short yesterday night out of boredom, added up to the resistance so i'm @breakeven now. Still have no idea where this is going but my bet is sideways until tomorrow...
I sure hope so! :)
And $7000 is astronomically "high" for BTC for historical purposes...plenty more room to the downside, especially with adoption stagnating and being regulated into near impossibility.
wouldn't really call this capitulation, for all we know it's just chop again 
Bullish af. The next months should be moon.
Or it's going to continue ranging sideways for months.
Wrong direction.  Seems you haven't done your homework.  It will be like the second half of 2015, price doubling by the end of the year, possibly by the end of the summer.
Wish I was short more than 1x lol

I do like my entry though (7715)
Hmm, you can start calling it a wall around 1000, but more like 3000 btc spread over 300$. 100 BTC is really nothing.
Father's day
I saw some other posts saying June 18 lol
Institunional money day
Very wrong, we never even tested the bottom of the coil. A lot of big buyers were waiting for that to be tested before entering. That means there is still a lot of potential buyers, patient bulls, so to speak.
I think you'll get a lot of eye rolls if you apply Anthropomorphism to your market analysis.  2.2billion worth of crypto has been stolen this year so far and it's a priority for them to get into fiat as soon as possible no matter the price BTC or whatever coin they stole is selling for.  We only hear about the large thefts but how many wallets under $10k do you think get hacked daily that's not even worth reporting?  Miner's need to sell, ICOs need to sell to raise capital..  i list all of these contributors to sell pressure because they will sell regardless of what the price is.  Even if we made it down to $3K, they'd still sell.  Also with these recent successful 51% attacks, it might be a matter of time before BTC succumbs to it.  I would just stick to TA and be clinical/agnostic about it.  I had been waiting for this drop because of the ascending triangle forming (in blue).

https://imgur.com/a/jufLN4M

Now all we can do is just try to do is use TA to find the next pattern.  
We are about to have the do or die moment with a bear flag on the 1D.
Haven’t been looking at charts for the past few days so thank you for posting this. 3d is my favourite timeframe and I feel you on the short squeeze but I would wait for the MACD to gain more momentum before entering a long.


You're looking at the 15 minute chart. Try changing your candles up.

On the 2 hour chart there is no divergence.

Of course the market is weaker today than it was 3 weeks ago on the 15 minute chart. The price hasn't changed in that time.
Isn’t OBV like add volume for green days and subtract for red days? So in a way it’s mirroring the trend so far where we have more red than green pushing it lower. 

In contrast, acc/dist. relates to money flow into the asset. This shows sellers are running out of steam and buyers are rushing in. 

Bullish imo. My understanding could be wrong. 
Yup give me  ur money longs thank u 
How does it work ?
Still counterparty risk, but BitMEX seems fairly solid.  
Are you flipping between bearish and bullish daily(which is fine cus new data and all and your strategy depends on your tf) or am i wrong in thinking youve been incredibly bearish the past week. You just throwing possibilities that we're out or you actually think the bottom is in?

Edit: nah ive mixed you up with someone else... need to get RES
even though i dont think it makes a difference this time, when looking for divs, dont include wicks.

RSI uses close price and not the high.

switching to a line graph instead of candles does the same thing as cutting off wicks
broke down, here we go
Seems if it reaches its target it would from a larger H&S as well.
Dont understand the downvote seems like good possible scenarios. 
I don't understand why this was downvoted.  I see the same thing.
The previous bottom (April) looked like a proper accumulation bottom, many people were sure that it's gonna go down further and sold. It seemed like staying above 7k was impossible during the accumulation days (mar 30 - apr 12). This time, it looks  like it won't go below 7k, this time people are more cautious, I don't see anyone selling (or buying) here.  There's not enough sellers to accumulate at this level, IMO.
Goblin Town
> Those complaining about low volatility and low volume have very short memories.

Most people have very short memories and especially in this sub.   

And good luck, being blindly long for the next few months.  It may not work out as you hope (if you are even really doing that).
> and enjoy your summer

TFW you're from the southern hemisphere :(
R:R for trades will continue to decrease until this wedge is broken, up or down.  I’m doing the same, gotta be careful and cautious on trades for the next couple months I suspect.

I’m expecting low volatility and high manipulation until volume returns.
rsi will be super sensitive after going sideways for a few days 
Time to buy.
This breakdown had one of the highest 1 hour volume (since may 28), so I'm expecting more down.
Yes a 100% retrace of the June 5th move up, with a messy H&S thrown in.
Looks like the perfect setup for a reverse Marge
4H as well.
Bounce for ants.
> So imagine when btc becomes ....

Yes the price is going down, so lets imagine some fantasies of the future, rather than dealing with current reality.


Yeah, the next few years will be interesting. I feel sorry for no coiners. That's why I always offer to pay in Bitcoin. More and more people take me up on it lately. So easy. Download a wallet. Bang. There ya go. You're in the game, buddy. 'grats.
just half of the daily volume....... :P

https://i.imgur.com/RYdQKvD.png

thats the past 7d of volume; look at the end
Volume looks pretty substantial on the 1h. 
Nah dude, you just have the attention span of a fruit fly. Daily volume doubled on that last dump. Sorry about your long entry
I bought with 100&#37; of my trading stack on the 6th and want to know why I'm not rich yet.
low and steady wins the race
Why do you think this? Ignoring the patterns you see on charts, which could totally be coincidental, why do you think CME is running the market? There is not nearly enough volume on there to warrant it. 

Even so, why would it need to open and close with CME? 
yes, for me too. Maintenance.
are they not the same always?
Do you mean funding? 
They haven't changed recently, that I've noticed.
No.
No just being in fiat. 
Okay I went to the darkside. Going short here with 1/3 of my stack. This is more of a scalp and I do want to go long at some point soon. 

!Short BTC 7335 5x
Right on cue!
Okay, Mr. I Love To Spread Exchange FUD.
Volume was dropping before the probe. Was that the market's crystal ball?
And the data they did provide was worthless.
latest news?
For Bitfinex there's a longs v shorts indicator on trading view. 
Am I stupid or have you been posting bulltard posts for the last week? 
Good Lord. I get 6k-7k, but 3k-4k? You are delusional 
2018 isn't anything like 2014.  In 2014, Bitcoin wasn't heavily regulated and banned in multiple countries that have over 1 billion population.  
  

  In 2018, it is.
> Price is not going to get lean and fit without movement

BTC needs to put down the bagel and do some reps.
Because we dumped $300?
It's just about as likely as it was in Feb...which means significant probability of that happening this year or next.
Yes you’re precisely saying it indirectly
What's your current position ?
Name checks out
Is the 3k more plausible now than when we were at 5.8, 6.5, 7. Etc?
Sleep tight, sweet prince.
No, somebody just decided to sell thousands of coins at market price all at once on a public exchange. Because, you know who cares about OTC and slippage ?

There is a great deal of manipulation in this market, so of course it's possible that much of the drop is due to that factor this time.
Funny thing is, you made no comments about shorting bitcoin when it was at that price. Your comment history is severely lacking mentions of positions on the market. Strange... Me, I'm long bitcoin at ~$8300. 
[deleted]
You sound insecure if anything.
/r/btc is calling you back.
You think big players wouldn't have dumped Bitcoin to shit by now if they're sure we won't see 10k ever again, or do you know something the market makers and the whales don't know?
the most transparent and honest post from an underwater shorter
>Lots of alts might be classified as securities and that money flow will go back to BTC

In the short term this would be pretty catastrophic for the whole market

Many people would lose vast sums of money i.e. not keen to immediately drop it into BTC to potentially lose more
Hashrate is exploding as it's easier to mine and make money than trade this chop. For now.

I can't speak for the miners but them selling their coin is unlikely to pump the price?
What news? Potential investors see the big corrections and are scared. They want a clear trend established. The technical indicators in the larger timeframes don't point to a bottom at all. And the hype is gone for now. Yes it may pump now, but those with big money want to see a bigger picture, which is not positive now.Sometimes the comments in this place make me think people are greedy, we had a massive bull run of 3 years, and after a few months we want more right now... Greed pure and simple. And it feeds a delusion, because it's not supported by indicators.  


PS Plus the alts... Still pumping = no bottom. Many need to go to 0.
> All the good news about Bitcoin recently and we still haven't pumped.

This has been a year for terrible news about Bitcoin.   That's a major reason why the price dumped.
100x long on Soylent 


You could certainly average 180% to 380% return in a year.  Although I suppose it would be higher, compounded daily.

A better goal, imo, is to try to gain as much as possible per day.  Sometimes a 2% loss in a day is great and a 5% gain in a day is terrible.  But do whatever entertains you and keeps you motivated.
I think that if you want to do something like that, you should instead  run a number of miles for every 0.1% below your goal that you achieve.


Ex.) You earn 0.6% in a day which is 0.4% less than your goal so you take a 4 mile run the next morning.


Or something along those lines. If you already go for runs every morning then do something different but still beneficial to your lifestyle. Personally I think one should run and work out every day anyways though.


That being said, I don't think you ever should expect to make gains every single day. You'll have good days, you'll have bad days, and you should accept that.
Oh please. Just like every huge wick up is accompanied by good news am I right?

Stop freaking out over sub $200 moves. This has been btc's SOP for months.
Bch is a scam. Btc's not. 
Um, I do agree with a bearish bias during a bear market, but... there's been basically zero bad news.  That is not price/TA related.  I'm sure there's been some, given that the powers that be like to call it rat poison, etc., but relatively speaking, really not a lot of bad news.
To be fair, neither bad news nor good news does seem to affect it anymore.

Just feels like a desert land. 

*tumbleweeds*
If I sell 1 btc and buy it back and sell it and buy it back thats 4 btc volume. Doesnt mean I owned 4 btc at any point. Also consider the average leverage is somewhere around 10x on that exchange
Same coin can get traded a thousand times a day. With leverage, the orders can be several magnitudes higher than actual amount of collateral that people have deposited.

BTC is not traded on BitMEX.  Futures contracts are.
Because that's not how volume works. If there was only 1 BTC and person A sold to person B and then person B sold to person C, then volume would be 2 BTC even though only the 1 BTC has been changing hands.

Not to say that 40,000,000 volume is correct. Does seem pretty high. I don't
 Really know much about bitmex though
Your comment makes no sense, if it's "too predictable" buy 7450 sell 7750.
Yeah I've seen it drawn that way before. I will really be amazed if the line holds after being tested 4-5 times
There can be other approaches to this but I look at timeframe in question for a lower high followed by a lower low to constitute change from uptrend to downtrend on specified time period.  https://www.tradingview.com/x/wHx9qdCF/  Sideways doesn't matter.

Can be a bit sticky telling what constitutes a 'high' and 'low'.  You can eyeball it or go off more rigid rules like these:

>*swing high candle* is a candle stick pattern with at least two lower highs on both the left and rightside of the highest reaching candle.  Only choose those that line up with a MACD cross, momentum change (passing 0 on your histogram) or are otherwise easily identified SHs.  https://imgur.com/a/DbwsQ
>
>A *swing low candle* is a candle stick pattern with at least two higher lows on both the left and rightside of the lowest reaching candle.  Only choose those that line up with a MACD cross, momentum change (passing 0 on your histogram) or are otherwise easily identified SLs.  https://imgur.com/a/Eeu8I
>
> Example: https://i.imgur.com/T6rxQqN.png

It doesn't have to be this complicated.  If the high or low is not clear/obvious then do not trust it.
Fair point...
They are not completely irrelevant, but trends are probably a lagging indicator more than they are a leading one.
Or it will continue sideways. People will get bored and take their money elsewhere. More volatility in stocks atm. Can always come back when it moves but sitting around waiting is pretty painful
No, it's not a lottery.  That's the attitude from someone who thinks bitcoin / blockchain is totally useless and thus simply got lucky on a random situation.  Holders took a huge risk with their investing funds and were rewarded for it on the growth of a cutting edge technology.  Market has spoken over the years and it's been mostly very rewarding.  Continuing to hold or successfully trade takes a lot of guts for an ongoing huge risk. 
It never ends.
I remember back in 1995, a friend of mine told me he was amused because somebody had asked him "How's the internet doing ?". His response: "It's still there".
I get this practically every day from a certain group of friends. I think it's because they are mocking me about how bad the price is doing. I was not silent about it when I FOMOd in December.
So that's why Google search trend it's down...moms are just getting lazy.
Time to go short, in other words.
My mum already owns some.
What happens after?
>Sideways summer of 2018. Just in time to enjoy life.

It's winter here... fuck


Didnt think about that , important question 
When I was watching it was gone in a second so I was thinking it was one big buy, but like I said it was on cryptowatch so there could have been lag and it was a bunch of smaller buys.
trading is half the reason anyone owns crypto so I don't understand why that's a buy signal for anyone
My first buy in ranges from  around $100 - $800 a Bitcoin and trading it right now isn't working out as of late. I'd never risk selling my whole stash though. 

If it takes over the course of a year to go back up to $20k that's a 170% gain. Meanwhile Canopy Growth Corp stock is up 390% over a year, Cronos Group is up 420% over a year and they have fundamentals on their side to continue that growth. Then in Canada I can make those stock market gains tax free I can't with Bitcoin. 

>niceeee, impatient traders capitulating out of crypto is a buy symbol for me.

Normally I'd agree. But I've been saying that same thing to myself over the past 6 months and still the market seems like shit and trading it is no longer easy like it used to be. Sometimes the best trade is no trade.

It's starting to feel like the the 2014-2015 market where we just chill for a year within a horizontal range and then gradually re-enter a consistent up trend in the year to fallow. If I can make gains over the course of this year elsewhere and then use those gains to later pile-up on Bitcoin prior to the next big bubble then I like those odds.

Edit: The having is in 2020. Last having was mid 2016 that became out catalyst for a bull market. I can easily see 2019 being when Bitcoin prices slowly start rebounding and then a bull market ensures in 2020.
Okay good luck
Only problem is that you called them impatient when they sold at $12K as well.
Well common we know potcoin is shit.
Haha yes 45 right now. I drive a FJ Cruiser with some friends here. Not tourist at al... resident in Dubai
I do. Just waiting for sellers to bring the price down a tad. Anyone want to sell?
ever seen the movie Groundhog Day?
Idk. This last wave was so small, the next one would be hardly noticeable if the trend continues. I'm guessing more sideways, without any dramatic moves in either direction. Up to 7500 and then sideways maybe.
Looking at the daily candles. Zoomed out enough to see from November 2017 until now. 
That appears more legit than mine. 
Interesting, all very confusing to me. I am on a laptop and it is hard to see the bigger pictures sometimes.
Can be very beneficial to start at the macro level first and work your way down looking for trends, right?
Bullish on down votes though

Edit: didn't even need TA, this confirmation bias will now be the basis of me making calls with my "gut"
You'd be better off longing, I think. Something is bound to happen and the comment count will go up regardless of whether bitcoin breaks up or down. 
I know man, really tho. I’m doing the same thing. Just trying to have a little fun with the charts while I’m at it haha. 
I'm surprised how bullish this sub is being so close to the bottom. $7300 a few weeks ago was despair and now it's a bullish dump somehow. 

I guess this is how it happens though, as long as faith remains and is restored, likely down we go.

Longs Knife catching + panic sellers means downwards is simultaneously path of most liquidity and paradoxically also path of least resistance. 

Premature knife catchers just sell their stop losses into the next knife catcher, lol
I don’t have a great feeling about this breakdown either though.  Reading comments right now I get that impression from a few at least.  I wouldn’t be terribly surprised if we don’t go down much further either.

Double bottom off the triangle would certainly be a bullish sign.
Unless we go sub 7100 we are making yet another higher low. Which to me is at least a little bullish.
**INSTITUTIONAL INVESTMENT**
Lol and I’m over here happy to even get close to 1 bitcoin 
Here is where the last halvening occured:

https://imgur.com/a/nWu5UrW

At best, we saw a small uptick about 4-5 months before the block reward reduction.  The real excitement came in the year that followed
The only underlying fundamental you need to know is there’s 1800 new coins printed every day. All your charts are irrelevant if you don’t factor in the market supply is still growing by over $12M each and every day. 
That is to say, if the price is going sideways, that’s incredibly bullish. And in 2 years if the demand is steady we might see a price increase. 
what multiplier leverage?
It's always a Chad
Or rather, that he *should* be listening? His gut is telling him to give up the short but he's not listening to it. I mean we don't know that he listened to it when longing the top and shorting the bottom. It could've been his TA going wrong despite his gut being on point. Not that I'm saying TA is bad. Anyway just my 2 cents.
Sometimes it counts, sometimes is crucial, but don't expect that others will listen to your gut feeling.

Intuition cubes from experience, after a lot of observation you're starting to feel the market.
the question is, will it breakout or not. a slow 0.2% creep per week is not worth the opportunity cost of buying BTC right now
We should place some bets on how long we'll be in this range...
I think OBV is one of the most useful indicators in this kind of choppy market where we are trying to guess whether it's accumulation or distribution.

What time frame do you use? I use a small time frame like 10~15 minutes, as it's difficult to manipulate the close of every candle.

Also, Accumuatlion/Distribution indicator is showing the exact opposite signal, so that's confusing as well.
Do you have any book titles to recommend?
thats what stoplosses are for. Have mine set at $7280
That's how you know I was a noob still!
Do you have more monero than bitcoin?
He's short from above 9k and movement is anybody's guess right now.
You can see my positions on position bot website! and I am personally very skeptical of this push but who knows, the market is very confusing right now. Most direction isn't decided until we move below $7k or above $9k
I know :) Back then Gdax was huge though 
No.

The price is BTC/USD, base/quote. Quote currency is fiat. Bitmex does not have a pure connection to the fiat (actual) price. 

What happens if Bitmex traders try to sell their coins for the market price? They can't pump it with them, their holdings are not in fiat.
Bear flag is definitely in the making if we continue sideways on low volume. I’m hoping for a relatively high volume green candle but I’ve got stops around 7200 in case the dip continues. 
I’m not sure. Definitely could just be an oversold bounce. There is certainly still a lack of buying pressure. 
> tradingview

Thank you kindly! Took me a few minutes but I found it.

I am now using the indicator created by https://www.tradingview.com/u/autemox/
I just want to see that nice green % , like a true gambler!
I agree but there’s always a few tight stops around here that are hunted even after a large drop. Might be the superstitious side of me but leaving lots of wiggle room and having long term strat has served me well so far!
I think the whole "time entry before big move" mindsent a lot of people including me that worked for the last 2 years here is wrong for now. I think just as you say, short the obvious horizontal resistance/support levels, and wait a bit. The market tends to just fall of or up from those levels, and if it reverses and you already did this 8 times the loss is still only a few % 
The lack of FOMO credit card buyers are definitely hurting us.
[deleted]
Isn’t that high? Daily is fine though
Can't see it personally. The triangle will likely break.. Unfortunately right now it's edged more likely to break down. But we'll see soon anyway! 
What the hell are you talking about.. Haven't done my homework? You sound arrogant.

I said it will move a lot either way,up or down. I didn't pick one and say it would do it. I suggest you learn how to read 
:D it's been like 9 days since we were this low.. that was painful. I was $100 underwater on my recent add for like 6 days 
Isn't 1x entry basically tethering?
Check your couch cushions for 100 btc
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
What's the coil look like? I thought coil was the triangle/pennant? Or if it's a range, we're at bottom of the range right now. 7100 is outlier, maybe some reaction to it but once we get there the bear case will be so strong that it might not hold.
Why didn’t they already buy in at $6k?
Got any targets for this drop?
Oh my god, you're right.. The picture completely changes if I do sub-10 minutes.. 
Yes, OBV is calculated by simply netting the red/green volumes. The price has increased from the start point to the end point, yet OBV is in a downtrend.

I don't know what you mean by acc/dist relating to "money flowing into the asset." It is calculated using the low, high, and close of the candles.

No one indicator is better than the other. Just the way of calculation is different
I miss the days of 0.375%, but this little bit adds up and at least we aren't paying them at the moment.
You short on swaps and longs pay you anywhere from -0.375% to 0.375% of your contract size every 8 hours

Lately longs have been paying shorts anywhere from 0.01% to 0.05% which ends up being a decent amount after 2 weeks of sideways 
his name is confusing because it's two words, starts with M, both words capitalized, starts with a "miss" sound...

You're thinking of MissingAnderson :P
>youve been incredibly bearish this past week.

You've since edited, but that was a good IRL LoL. Thanks.
Derp, you’re correct!  Same conclusion though looks like.
Still a hidden bearish div though, although it's tiny af 
Because your perception is so biased you can’t possibly see anything else. 
Lol. Ive been waiting for this setup for a month. 
I hear ya, but just look ahead a bit more...there’s a massive change on the horizon 
Call 1800-Satoshi now for a full refund
1 BTC = 1 BTC

Check the history. Pretty sure each time there has been a big gap, it gets filled in on monday. I'm also running on no sleep, so i might be crazy.
>fundus are safeu

A short near the bottom shouldn't be a scalp, it should be an attempt to get the large move down. 

If you wanted to scalp you'd long imo


It's  not fud
Dropping volume is normal for triangles.
Insiders knew about the probe before news came out 
Makes me wonder what they are hiding, at the very least they could have provided anonymized data then the CFTC could just focus on the trades that are suspect. 

We all know this shit is happening 
Yes, CFTC subpoena 4 more exchanges after they refused to voluntarily provide trading records

So we know of subpoenas for bitfinex, tether, Kraken, coinbase, bitstamp, itbit.
I've been bearish as hell posting bear shit all week. I even called out to the Bitcoin Gods to get it to dump

I also posted my position: [https://imgur.com/a/t9lRufH](https://imgur.com/a/t9lRufH)
people used to say that 8k was the bottom but look at where we are, we won't know how low we'll go until the bear market ends
Many people in here say 3k is very likely.  And we are not the delusional ones. 
Last bubble Bitcoin fell for over a year. 

Close to the end of the year I wouldn't be surprised to see BTC struggling to stay above 3k-4k. If 5k is going to be resistance soon. 

Alts that hardly anyone is using are worth over 1 billion dollars. 

Many alts still overpriced.

The hype and excitement just isn't there for 99% of the coins. Hardly any reason to go up in price.
It was banned in China in 2014

https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2014/04/12/a-dream-dispelled
A great advice from someone that dances with pizzas :)
Unfortunately these posts are just something we have to deal with. $300 green candle and we're going to the moon, $300 red candle and we're entering the molten core of the Earth. Ignorant fools on both ends of the spectrum. 
My average entry 7577, 5x short.

I shorted at 7400's, 7500's, 7600's, and 7700's. 

Not a very large amount though compared to some guys on this sub
Cocky.
Probably an r/btc poster trying to get all the negative Karma he can so he can go over there and brag. 
Whales are shoving btc back into the exchanges. I'm sure it's nothing though. Keep buying!
Anything to push the price down dude, know any babies I can sacrifice?
Historically, price has followed hashrate up, whenever we had boosts in hashrate, we pumped after. Hashrate going up means its harder to mine, not easier.
Dang, I like that!
Your attempt at logic is pathetic.  I didn't say anything about good news.  Sudden sharp drops are often the result of bad news, whether you want to accept that fact or not.  
Neither of them are a scam you mug.
> there's been basically zero bad news...

...in the last 5 minutes.

Yes you are correct about that.
> To be fair, neither bad news nor good news does seem to affect it anymore.

Bad news has crushed the price quite a few times this year.  Maybe "anymore" = "the last 5 minutes" for you.
He doesnt like easy pussy. He wants to game hard ugly bitches to get laid.
Thank you!
Not yet, not till she buys...

Boom boom to the moon.
I just checked. They're one in the same. SAD!
it’s kind of a joke. but when impatient traders have capitulated because the volatility is gone, it means there are no traders left and only investors/linger term traders, who won’t sell so easily, so the price has no where to go but sideways (and thus up next). i’m not actually switching to super bullish cuz of this one guys reddit post though lol
>Cronos Group is up 420% over a year

420 percent, you say? Hmm.
Cronos and Canopy went on massive bull runs in 2017, peaking in early 2018 and trading sideways to down for the first half of this year.

Sounds familiar.


what the fuck are you talking about bro? I remember being flamed for telling people to sell at 11.5k
It could be pumped again in the future with more votes on cannabis legalization in more states.
Same here but never went offroad past april, enjoy the dunes 
you have some strong balls! I was 4x4 in the Saudi desert last month, almost freaking died it was so hot
Yeah, it's a classic. Tell me, what do I...Hey, wait a minute?!
One of Bill Murray's best movies. Tell me, what do I need to do to break out of this?
Looks like we didn't need to do anything and something happened/happening.
[deleted]
OK, Thanks
Why is this getting downvoted??? Psyops accounts everywhere now

E: Number of downvotes on the this tells me to short downvotes
Good point.

Close BitcoinMarkets.volume 100X

Wow. I kinda wish I had opened a short an hour ago. Just wow that is an intense dump.
I see the comments here and people going long and it’s like we’re looking at opposite charts. Maybe I’m wrong and this is hella bullish, but I have money saying otherwise. 
We went below 7100
Haha 
Measuring in Satoshis makes one feel a lot less fomo :) 
No, since you are implying miners are selling into USD directly
probably just normal buy
No it sounds like his gut was wrong 
I'd say intuition is very important, like you said it comes from experience and that's not something you can discard away. If you have a good track record with trading especially, I'd value that intuition pretty highly.

So, /u/sgtd1179 tell us more about your intuition!
Mostly 1h. Sometimes I look at 4h and 1d though. 


I’m not too familiar with A/D but I’ll have to check into that. Maybe compare past periods of sideways movement with some indicators and see how it relates to today’s sideways.
yes several:

* Trading in the zone - about psycholgoy and learning to love to be wrong

* Turtle traders - the importance of trend following and confidence

* Misbehaving - a greaet opener to behaviour finance

* Market Wizard series - interviews with top traders in options, commodities, stocks, hedgefunds and so on

* Reminiscence of a Stock operator - the best speculator book there is, and perfect if you never care about fundamentals



here is a list to start also https://hackernoon.com/the-greatest-trading-books-ever-written-7302bcc3901e?gi=ca8c71a9abf8
Did you get stopped out just now?
So, actually no, because most of my crypto money is in trading.  I originally was HODL, but I realized that it is dumb to let your value decline daily when you can cash out and trade.

I do believe monero has the most real-world use today.  Bitcoin doesn't do much for average 1st world people today.  Conversely, there are lots of people in the world today who have an immediate need for a non-traceable irrevocable fungible asset.  Places where people come in your house at night and take your shit.  Places where the government is corrupt and ruins the economy through a devalued currency and by taxing/freezing/stealing assets.  Monero is as close to digital gold as you can get.

Once it is clear that we are not heading to goblin town I will probably put more back into monero.  One interesting thing is that the monero community as a whole DNGAF about the value, and in fact they don't really want it to moon, since you always have to come back down at some point.  For real world use we want it more stable.
Thank you!
Aha, i am not too familiar with Bitmex, but are you saying that trades on Bitmex do not effect quote?
Part of the issue is I could see this going all the way to 7.4 or even a little higher and it'd still be potentially within a flag given how relatively large the drop was.
In the moments when no one knows for sure where the market is going to go does it not make sense to make an order in the direction of least pain for yourself? For example I decided to go long at 7,590 (just above the bottom of the channel) and put stop loss below 7,540 (below that channel bottom). I think this is a better approach than going short at 7.590 and putting SL above 7,800. 

If we go up to 7.750 and fail to break 7.800 i am going to go short there. In the case if I am not sure if we go up or down. Does it make sense? Sorry I am on my phone if I got any numbers wrong.
LOL. Thank you for understanding the joke. 
Yeah maybe a little. And it's about to do a very bullish nosedive. Perfect timing for accumulation.
I added to 2x at 7350. My average is still over 7600, but just barely. I had adds from 7700-7780 on june futures to double the position, but none hit. Bummer
Yes. I was really like 1.2x short, and I added to 2x short at 7350. In hindsight it feels obvious, but I've been away from charts/computers a lot for the last 5 days. I mostly just didn't want to get caught one way or the other. Glad I had it in place though 
We came close to the bottom of the triangle on May 28th, but we didn't actually *touch* it. And I'm sure plenty of buys have been waiting on the actual line. Touching it is no more a bear case than a bull case -- we could drop through it or spring off it.
Some did and are still holding. Smart ones bought around 6k and sold at 9-11k for a massive profit lol
Well, just like everyone else i'm waiting for it to hit the red line in my link, which is the 7.1/6.5/5.9/5.4/5.1 line dating back to Oct17.  But since the whole world is waiting for it we keep bouncing above it.  Even if we bounce i'm not sure it will go up that much.  Too much sell pressure and no new buy pressure.  My exchange doesn't have shorting so i really have to catch the bottom.  Been in fiat for about a month now.  
I think something is broken in the calculation they're using. Look at this chart on different sites.
Yeah you’re right. I confused acc/dist with chaikin MFI

You’re right, this is contradictory and confusing af. 



>Ye I think your right... I should of just checked his post history before posting my comment but checking /u/MissingAnderson profile I can see the post I was looking at straight away. I was just thinking well that's a quick turn of opinion from thinking we can go down 50&#37;\+ to being bullish and the bottom is in but I had the wrong person. Just thought the insight into that kind of thinking could be valuable, whether it be crazy, genius or both.
Ye I thought you had written this post Sloppy just pointed out to me was someone else [https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8pgw6v/daily\_discussion\_friday\_june\_08\_2018/e0bttpp](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8pgw6v/daily_discussion_friday_june_08_2018/e0bttpp) 

I was thinking wtf... He's either seen something big or doing some serious mental gymnastics to go from that bearish to that bullish. Apologies I should have just checked your profile for the comment which I thought you wrote.
burnnnnnnnn
Entire sub knife catching and saying "time to buy" is probably more of a sell signal than anything tbh

Good luck mate hope this isn't a fakeout 
Or join Bitfinex for full retard
The CEO of bitcoin, always helpful
It frequently does, but not every single time, I've seen his chart of it. While it's somewhat unlikely that it's a coincidence, I don't get why it would happen. 

And it makes you wonder why it didn't happen the few times it didn't? 
Well I think all the fundamentals are here for bitcoin to go to 25k by the end of the year. However, seems like we've broken the trend and we're headed down toward 7k. 

So I'm going to look for a long around there
Yes it is. You're a concern troll that posts nothing but exchange FUD and conspiracies about Tether.

There are many reasons for volume to be lower during a bear market. Speculating that it has anything to do with subpoenas or anything else is FUD.

You're a troll and I've explained this to you many times.
Ok, but looking at CFTC website their whole investigation takes time (they are fining now companies for stuff which goes back to 2012 and earlier, as you can see in the [Press Release section on their website](https://www.cftc.gov/PressRoom/PressReleases)

There is no need to attack exchanges in my opinion, this is still the wild west, those who have traded with the intention to manipulate would get punished 5 or 6 years from now and hopefully they'd stop as of now
Username checks out.
I should have put /s after my question.
Proof? Oh that's right, you never have any.

FUD
Yup. Unfortunately people need to be smart and play along with regulators or this will all be for not.
is there something new from the past hour? i just see this article from yesterday when looking for recent news https://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-regulators-demand-trading-data-from-bitcoin-exchanges-in-manipulation-probe-1528492835


Ok, my bad, confused with someone else
Wait, haven't you recently posted how you got liquidated and that you now have a negative net worth due to trading with loaned money? Or am I also confusing you with someone else?
You mean you and your buddy up top? Okay non-delusional, explain your theory. I'm interested.
It was partially banned back then, yes.  Not fully.
Hahaha. It's all about balance, squats and deadlifts for pizza and beer.
That's often what it takes in this market. Shorting is extremely difficult and takes resolve and analysis. It's too much work for most. 
That doesn't mean that they're gonna dump it for good, maybe they'll sell now and buy back lower, or maybe, they plan on lending their coins. 
What's wrong with you?
now the question is do you close at breakeven or hold through again? lol
start with baby kaktusface Jr. (a-la-McAfee)
Do you have any data or graphs to support a price pump after a hash rate boost?
>Your attempt at logic is pathetic. I didn't say anything about good news. 

Slow down and reread.

>Sudden sharp drops are often the result of bad news

I would like you to go back over the last 3 months and chart all the drops of equal or greater value to this. Then I would like you to chart the bad news that was the cause of those drops. I will be waiting.
Wrong again 
BCash is a scam. It's a shitcoin being marketed as Bitcoin. That's a scam, you mug.
I could literally show you hundreds of stocks with no volume that have trended down to 99.9% losses.
yea i  feel you I just really don't think people quitting the space is a good thing. I think the whole "once traders and get rich people leave" thing is part of the hodl meme. It's a way to justify sticking around when everyone else is leaving. But I mean it could certainly work, it's just that imo it's a terrible way to predict the bottom. There's been tons of people quitting over the past few months 
Yeah but now they're no longer going sideways and have the catalyst of legalization soon passing. What catalyst does Bitcoin have? 
Not you, specifically. I was speaking in general
ever seen the movie Groundhog Day?
I feel if this uncertainty were downward bound the market would have chickened out by now. That said bitcorn never ceases to amaze and a lower low could very well be in the near future. 

I am particularly curious how the market will react to a lower low should it occur. I just have a hard time believing goblin town is still on the table after last year. I’d think it’d get eaten up too fast.  
I feel the same. 
But let me guess... you are a betting man and have no fiat left, like most bulls.
Humor 
right? sometimes I'm like are we looking at the same charts, guys? 
Yup. Goblin town for sure.
What the heck are you talking about? It’s over $12M USD EQUIVALENT! 
why would the country they’re selling into change the value of coins minted each day?
Thanks!
Nope didn’t hit it yet 
Market is so undecided right now that either you play the $100 bounces or toss a coin hoping you get lucky when this breaks. There are so many reasons to call this either way that the best move is to wait until it chooses direction.
>Aha, i am not too familiar with Bitmex, but are you saying that trades on Bitmex do not effect quote?

I'm pretty sure it does to some extent, but I feel that Bitfinex moves the market for more often than bitmex
So i should wait a few days before getting in
yeah in hindsight, it's obvious :( ..

I too wanted to add more to my short but was afraid of another squeeze up to 7800~7900's.. I guess we only make what we risk
With the buy volume as low as it’s been the past month I wouldn’t be hoping for a sudden increase and spring upwards 
*shrug* havent risked more than im willing to lose. Probability is increasing in my favor every second we spend south of the bbands.

Thx 
What's your short-midterm strategy right now?
You mean bitmexico, 100x bro
could you guys pls post a link to the chart you're refering to?  Many thanks!
conspiracies about tether?

have they actually proven they are legal and have the money they claim to have? nope.

something easily proven and they wont do it. in fact they even fired the fucking auditor.

what does that tell you
man they should let us sort how to view the documents 
> There is no need to attack exchanges in my opinion

yes there is because the exchanges are allowing the manipulation to happen. 

imagine a casino that allows players to cheat. sooner or later regulator looks at the casino and busts them.
I should answer to him ;-)
The selling started before the news came out then stopped once it did, because they were already out.
No, look at this guy's post history, he only posts exchange FUD. Nothing else, only concern trolling about Finex and exchanges. He's a troll. Ignore him.
No, that was me a month ago. Without going too much into detail about my life situation, I basically had to pull some strings to pay that off had some leftover which I put straight back on Bitmex and leveraged to the tilt.
There's no special "theory" involved.   If you think $3K is so low probability that it is delusional to call it "very likely", then we just live in different worlds and good luck in yours.
Why did you explain yours? To say it will not go to a price is not so different than saying it will. Does anyone really know ??
the past week has been incredibly frustrating and stressful.. I've learned better now and am assuming this is going to be chop. just gotta prepare for the worst so I'm not disappointed again 

the difference now is this is like a 9 day low lol
Lending actually sounds like a good idea atm.
Holding now. This looks like just the beginning...this is the dump I was waiting for to signal that I am right ;P
Tone vays did a comparison in his latest video
I posted that as it was dropping.  I never said "This 3% drop is due to bad news".  Try to follow along.
No I was absolutely right that when it was dropping hard, it could be from bad news.
I’m not even going to bother clarifying. You obviously have no idea what I’m talking about.
A bit unnecessarily hostile, but this is probably the most succinct explanation of why we would ever breakdown here
The lack of it...
Just double checked, turns out mine was upside down. Closing my short and going long. 
not the value, but the supply. maybe they use it for gambling or buying some other coin and so on
Hmmmm I was thinking the market had finally decided a long term price point 
Ok who is trolling who!???? 
Ok buddy. I'm going to tell you 3 things. The RSI on the monthly is still in bullish territory (good). The stochastic rsi is flat down and in my view it's unlikely to give a signal any time soon (not good). The MACD is about to do a bearish crossover (definitely not good). However by the time we get a signal in the monthly it's usually late to use it for a trade decision.  


Now about the macd. Because it looks inevitable that it will do a bearish crossover, don't assume we are going straight down.  


If I was you i'd focus on the daily and below for now. Good luck.
Ya, if this is the one then we *should* see lower relatively soon. 
Entering here is somewhat poor risk/reward but only on high leverage. Really, the upside to $7750 - which has proven to be very strong resistance - is a measly 6% above here. 

A low leverage short to enter the breakdown isn't stupid, but it's definitely risky and asking to be underwater if this turns out to be chop. 

Exiting a long here isn't the *best* decision just simply because you might as well wait another $200 down to see what it does. But I'm of the opinion that this is eventually moving down further. 

Imo it's basically a "how underwater can you afford to be?" when shorting. 

My positions are on the position bot site- I'm just waiting now. No reason for me to mess with it especially now. I waited like 8 days for this shit lmao 
Okay, Mr. FUD. Go back to your /r/buttcoin community. 
Does the federal reserve have gold to back all that phoney fiat monopoly money the call the dollar? Nope, but the just keep printing it.
Ironically, Ultimate Bet was just that, and their in-house counsel, Stuart Hoegner, is currently the in-house counsel at Bitfinex
What is manipulation? buying and selling?

As long as you get FILLED proper they should stay out of the way.

and Bitcoin is NOT under their jurisdiction anyhow. friggen commys all over the place like some virus.
Is this the trader speaking or the person analyzing what the government might do?

In the first case you have not accepted the realities and the peculiarities of trading bitcoin you should take time to do it. Were you complaining when manipulation pumped btc to 20k ? If that's the case hats off to you :) . For stable and ordinary stuff there are plenty of other financial instruments , which of course are less risky and give you lower returns

In the second case you should take the time in your post to elaborate a bit what might happen, also for the people in here who trade or hold funds on those exchanges, given that you're informed and posted on this immediately both last week and yesterday, could you please explain that? Do people risk losing funds held on those exchanges? Should they withdraw? Should they lawyer up? Do they risk being accused of market manipulation just for placing or pulling a big order at the wrong time?

Thank you :)
That's not proof of anything. FUD harder.
Ah okay, glad things worked out. And good luck.
Yup, just like I thought, no substance. Have fun in your 3k club. 
Did I say it was going to 3k? I don't have to explain nada.
:D 
> I would like you to go back over the last 3 months and chart all the drops of equal or greater value to this. Then I would like you to chart the bad news that was the cause of those drops. I will be waiting.


Did you buy?
Wouldn't say that.
just because you dont like it doesnt mean its FUD.

tether had a year to prove they are legit and do audits, burden of proof is on them to prove funds and they havent.

they could have but then decided to fire the auditor.

im sure thats a sign they have all of the money and they are legit... 
funny thing about that, ub.com was making a fortune yet the admins still wanted to cheat.

"why would they cheat they make tons of money legit?"

well they still cheated.

btw do you have proof stu actually did work for ub?
they lay it out clearly...

spoofing and wash trading are the big ones 
I'm short, so I suspect I will have quite a bit of fun.  I had some fun today as well.
To say it's not going to a price is also a theory. Correct me if I'm wrong. Do you want an algorithm that says that if you can exclude price points with an oracle you can eventually find a good approximation of the price?  
Not interested in going off on a tangent with you.  It's a bore.
Yes all my long orders got filled then I got stopped out. I never have any regrets when I stick to a rational plan so if you’ve come to gloat you can do it elsewhere my friend. I still don’t believe you understood what I was saying lol 
You give chewy Crap for not liking jokes and then most go over your  head 😂😅
It has nothing to do with whether I "like" it or not. It has to do with the fact that your sole purpose, apparently, is to complain and spread fear about the exchanges. 

A quick glance at your history reveals *only* this type of behavior. No normal conversation about anything. Only exchange FUD. Furthermore, you post the same garbage to /r/Buttcoin, which seems to be your natural habitat.

Troll.
>Not interested in going off on a tangent with you. It's a bore.

LOL. Do you understand what a tangent is? This isn't tangentially related to what your post was. IT WAS THE MAIN CRUX OF IT.

I agree with you about stopping posting though, you're embarrassing yourself. 
Last time this guy called me a lier cause he didn't read my post so sorry for not noticing that he was trying to be funny this time :-P

BTW, I got that joke, but it's funny only when l14dy says it :-P
im not spreading fear at all...

tether has not proven funds, period. 

tether is spreading fear by not doing an audit, not me. 


The conversation speaks for itself.
The concerns re tether are very true, people might down\-vote you for it, often likely because they want to ignore the issue.

Of course there is no guarantee that anything is wrong, however when you fire an auditor it usually means not all is as it seems.
Really? How come every one of your posts is exchange FUD? How come you never show up to talk about anything else?

How come you're always posting on Buttcoin? 

Troll.
"I have no way to back my assertions up! What can I do? Oh, I know!, just say random bullshit!"

You do this constantly. Until you learn to back up your claims, go away.
> Really? How come every one of your posts is exchange FUD?

because bitcoin exchanges are a serious problem. 
You say I need to back up my "assertion" that a quick drop in the price could be due to bad news.   Keep displaying that lack of intelligence for all to see.
Lol, okay troll. How come you don't post anything else Bitcoin related? If you think exchanges are this big of a deal then why are you even in the space?

Is it because you're just a concern troll?

Either you are so fucking retarded you can't follow a basic conversation or you're trolling. I hope to god your trolling. 
because this is bitcoinmarkets not bitcoinmining or r/bitcoin
Again, the conversation speaks for itself.
What does that have to do with anything? You're clearly a buttcoiner here to spread FUD. 

Have a look at the downvotes, figure out whether you're wanted or not and then go away.
i dont care about downvotes from your sockpuppet alt reddit accounts 
Lmao. Cognitive dissonance. 
