[Daily Discussion] Thursday, June 07, 2018 -- TITLE
#New post: [\[Daily Discussion\] Friday, June 08, 2018 →](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8pgw6v/daily_discussion_friday_june_08_2018/)
Pink line is now acting as support 

https://www.tradingview.com/x/xupxFKwS/

This is starting to look more Bull-Flag like than bart like. If you compare this Green Dildo Stick+ action after to our most recent barts it definitely looks different.

Still long from the high $7400’s / low $7500’s and may consider adding more here. Going to be watching market carefully today.
Well I think it's time to change from almost perma\-bear to bullish.

I've been waiting for the day of reckoning for alts before getting back into BTC. It was clear that crypto would never be taken seriously with hundreds of cash grab "projects" designed to make the ICO creators rich.

Although I (wrongly) thought the SEC would just give US ICO's a retrospective slap on the wrist and be told not to do it again, not wanting to deal with the enormous workload they would face otherwise.

Actually seems now, with all the other news, that BTC is poised to do something monumental over the coming years.  With ICO's being cleaned up, and the Fidelity news, it seems new money will actually have a chance of coming into BTC.
[deleted]
bullish TK cross above the cloud on the 4h. Been a while since we had that. 1D MACD is also confirming the trend. 

I think this is it and we're going to the top of the triangle. Will snatch a fat long on the next 1D higher low.
Consolidation continues https://i.imgur.com/pOM5wXE.png

When I see this, I immediately think of [spring damping](https://i.imgur.com/9awsNRW.png), you know, that thing where you flick a spring and watch it settle back to stationary. I don't really have much more to add, we've seen the market metabolize parabolic rises in exactly this way before, and I don't expect another extreme movement until the market becomes even more boring with True Sideways for a few months.
BTC is holding up well.  We could easily be at 8,000 by the end of the year.
Alright this isn't really technical analysis at all but is anyone else sort of blown away by all the good news that's just come out in the past few weeks?

Let me sum up everything just off the top of my head: 

-Coinbase launches suite of products aimed at institutions and solves problem of custodianship for big investors.

-Bittrex starts to add fiat pairs to their exchange.

-Binance adding fiat pairs in near future. 

-NYSE parent company ICE, NASDAQ, and now Fidelity are looking into building cryptocurrency trading platforms.

-President of China says blockchain is a very important technology, potentially signaling crypto ban reversal

-SEC chairman said TODAY that Bitcoin is not a security, potentially clearing up the last barrier for big institutional money ( the other barrier being custodianship that I mentioned earlier )

-Coinbase just announced today that they're on their way to being a broker for SEC regulated crypto securities.

Like holy shit that is A LOT of good news. Imagine if all of this came out in December 2017? I wouldn't be surprised if we saw Bitcoin hit $50,000.
I'm actually kind of curious how many here are out of position & waiting on the sidelines. And what levels, both to the up and down side, are you waiting for as confirmation of direction?
Bitmex features EOS now? Did not know that this is coming. Was that announced before?
We are cruising right under the 50day MA (blue line) on the [12 hours chart,](https://www.tradingview.com/x/4Ja29dT3) which currently lies at $7,806.

I think this is a key point in price, overcoming this could result in short-term bullish trend. 

On the same chart is the 200day MA (red line) which currently lies at $8,446. There is also 10day MA (green line), we are already cruising above it. It currently lies at $7,614.

I haven't noticed the price cruising above all the three MAs for a long time. If it turns out to be the case in a week or two *(may be more),* it would indicate strong bullish trend on the mid term.

For the time being, the fight is on for $7,800 which is a very critical price point as said. A strong rejection could put the price back in a downtrend, while a strong move above can put the price in a new upward trend. The price is fighting hard and holding its ground at $7,700 quite well, however, things can turn ugly very quickly in crypto. So the coming hours would be a great time to focused on price movements if you want to make good money, whether it is by shorting, longing, or even by holding the coin. Cheers!
Every couple days or so, I like to completely wipe my Tradingview charts and redraw the trendlines. I find it very helpful to "reset" my perception of the market. Anyone else do this regularly as well?
Feels like we're being punished for blowing straight through the $7k's with THE BGD back in April.
Yesterday I wrote a big 'ol wall of text theorising about how Volume RSI might be a good indicator in the current market: [https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8oxl82/daily\_discussion\_wednesday\_june\_06\_2018/e07cjbi](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8oxl82/daily_discussion_wednesday_june_06_2018/e07cjbi)

I guess it wasn't the *worst idea* because it got upvoted, although no one said anything so I'm guessing it's a wait and see prediction. Again, amateur trader, holder, just testing an alternative indicator and I wouldn't advocate trading on these ideas. I'm not, yet.

One thing I did say is that it appears useless on the daily and below level. It was rattling around in my head that this was a fairly off hand statement and that perhaps I should go back and have a look.

Weekly: [https://imgur.com/hHRQc4h](https://imgur.com/hHRQc4h)

Already discussed yesterday. Volume RSI is into oversold on the weekly.

Daily: [https://imgur.com/jRyZfHu](https://imgur.com/jRyZfHu)

Normal RSI doesn't tell us much. Are we looking to bump up as per the little black line and form a hump? Or are we faking and dumping, like we did 8.8k \> 7k?

Volume RSI tells a different story when compared. Then, the VRSI was 5 points higher and going horizontal. Right now it's lower, with a sharper downturn and touching on oversold.

Hourly: [https://imgur.com/mu22y41](https://imgur.com/mu22y41)

Here's where I'm getting real creative (read: taking liberties) with VRSI. Maybe, just maybe, this is a way to read the severity of the BARTs in the current market. Notice how each spike aligns with a BART. Now the biggest ones are the ones with the biggest pumps. No surprise there. Even a huge drop will be accompanied by a huge buy, otherwise it'd free fall. What I'm suggesting is that the positive VRSI spike seems to drop in waves as of late. The current block looks eerily like the last. Obviously we're bumping hard on the 7.7k/7.8k resistance line, but VRSI is perhaps giving an indicator of a potential breakthrough.

As I've said in my [previous post](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8oxl82/daily_discussion_wednesday_june_06_2018/e07cjbi), I'm trying to figure out VRSI to see whether it's a decent indicator in this low volume market. I might make another post when the market makes a decent move to explore whether this idea had any merit.

Thanks for listening to my insane rambling!
Wow, Germany's biggest weekly newspaper has an article about Coinbase's striving for a bank license and their expansion towards institutional investors. And the analyst they interviewed is quoted: "Cryptoassets will soon be a normal part of the established financial system". Quite remarkable, such an article in this newspaper at the present time. 

https://www.zeit.de/wirtschaft/2018-06/kryptowaehrung-bitcoin-boerse-coinbase
Bart got kicked in the groins this time. Bulls are getting aggressive
Is that a valid bull flag on 1h?
I feel like it may want to complete a smaller double bottom with the candle from 7k on May 29th before moving up. Just seems like something BTC would do.
I am boarding a long once $7830-7850 is accomplished. As for now I am on the side lines. 
The 4hr chart continues to form higher lows and higher highs [https://imgur.com/a/iQLYC2c](https://imgur.com/a/iQLYC2c)

I expect this pattern to continue with the price rising. Pattern invalidates below 7355 which would be a great stop loss for longs.
In case you haven't realized it, moments like these are very rare and very hard to trade.  There is no discernable momentum either direction (up or down), aside from recently bumping/grinding along the bottom of the triangle @ ~$7,100.  So in other words, we're like 10% from what bulls call the bottom.  Idk, doesn't make sense to see some of you entering massive positions like you know.  Noone knows.  Tone Vays, Peter Brandt, etc - none of them know and all their projections are "if up, then $X - if down, then $Y".  

I guess what I'm saying is let the trade come to you.  Don't over leverage hoping to make a hero move.  Let momentum build a direction and then jump aboard.
I put way too much effort into possible scenarios especially given the nonexistent volatility of the current markets, but it's fun to speculate, so enjoy! :)

https://www.tradingview.com/x/NtqZZG0I/

Edit: I'm sorry for probably using IHS's wrong -- didn't check the volume profile. Please forgive me.

-Another bullish scenario using a pitchfork with two TPs. This will likely slide out of the PF, though. https://www.tradingview.com/x/Fgu6zT2l/
This is by far the most boring day on Bitcoin Markets.  Watch now something will happen...  You're welcome (god forbid it closes with a 100-125 bux range).
Volume dropping with this dip, just another Bart yawwwwwwwwwn
Interesting and refreshing to see the btc dominance rate go up a bit without this being a down day.

Still holding my 10x long from 7415. The start of a divergence (btc up, alts down or stagnating) would convince me to add to my long. Too soon for that though.
I've never ever seen the market hold this steady for this long jesus chirst what is going on.
Starting to look a little bit like an ascending triangle (continuation pattern) on the 4H chart: https://www.tradingview.com/x/d99goUNq/

I'd prefer another touch. Continuation on this would be upwards. 
30M Bbands the tightest since a very very long time! Around 16 USD difference between upper and lower band.
Overall structure matching up. Daily RSI matching up..

https://www.tradingview.com/x/Siuhhl5N/
If we could have an ascending triangle with the top being the 0.236 FIB of the retrace from 10k to 7k, that would be great. 

https://www.tradingview.com/x/sraGNlk8/
Most obnoxious type of shill [poll results from earlier are in](https://imgur.com/a/z7vlfEL). 

!short XBTM18 7720 1x 10%

That's a gambling gut call, don't follow.

Stops above 7850
Is it just me or do the recent Barts have a short upward spike preceding every drop? Any reasonable explanation for why this may be?
Too add to my existing long..

Buy orders stacked at

$7557 ( Get lucky on a Kraken Wick)
$7571
$7595 

Looking at the green line for the next line of support, where the bubble is where my long orders are stacked 

https://www.tradingview.com/x/bmZESPhO/

If this **green** line holds, It would be pretty bullish bringing my bull levels to 8/10 confident. 

If the green line fails, I would be looking at the **red** line for our next support, and if that holds my bull levels will be 5/10.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/Zl9YsJj5/

If the red line fails and we break under $8450 ish, I’ll be -45/10 Bullish and will probably rage quit BTC and just give up on the chop.

As others have pointed out, we could be forming an ascending triangle on the larger timeframes. There are a few different ways to draw it too. 

**Zoomed out** 

https://www.tradingview.com/x/jJRbZoYA/

Off topic, but just finished watching a documentary called “The China Hustle”. It’s about how Chinese companies used reverse mergers as their loophole to get listed on US stock exchanges, while grossly misrepresenting their financials and stealing billions from regular Americans. And of course, the hedge funds who sold those shares don’t actually care if it’s quality or not, they get paid fees. I recommend watching it. It’s another example of how broken our system is. No oversight whatsoever. The only person that cares about your finances is you. 


“In China, its not illegal to steal from foreign investors.”
Bitcoin broke 7700 again. Let me guess, we slowly Bart down to 7450 again and same time Tommorow rinse and repeat. Whoever runs the crypto algorthom needs to stop being so obvious. 
I think goblin town is canceled. Bears can’t take us down there no matter how the try, we have been creeping up just like we creeped down before the BRD, shitload of good news, the weak hands are shaked out and apparently manipulative traders are being shaked out by the last actions. hype is actually coming back. There is no need for TA to understand the bear market is coming to an end. The moment we go back to 9000+ the FOMO will kick in hard

Edit: Also if China removes the ban- holy fuck
Does this feel super dumpy to anyone else? Inside of our daily pennant, especially between 7300-7800, traditional TA seems to be decreasingly effective. To me, this feels a lot like yesterday as the price was being propped to acquire short positions before kicking the chair out and letting it drop. 

I've been extremely busy the last couple days, so all I've traded was a short hedge yesterday that I didn't close out after the drop and that got stopped out for basically nothing (after getting paid funding) around break-even. 

edit: well, it "dumped" (relatively speaking) a whopping 0.75% before retracing half of that. This market is really weird.  Just another fakeout. 

edit 2: Side note for anyone looking to long. Jun futures premium dropped pretty heavily. Only about $25 currently. 
I think OBV is indicating more sell volume than buy volume, unless I'm misinterpreting OBV:

https://www.tradingview.com/x/bdFeBdCB/

Open to criticism / other opinion

EDIT: Here's what I'm looking at: https://www.tradingview.com/x/Jm6UsRtK/

The price goes up from 7600 to 7700, and yet the net volume is -500 BTC. (negative div)

I can't believe this sub's bull bias after jumping merely 100 points. Drop to 7240 and rise to 9177.5 (The March G20 event) was a bull trap for god's sake. Getting BS comments below. (Not referring to you /u/jarederaj)
Anyone around during the dotcom bubble:

how much does the day trading mania in crypto resemble the mania the dotcom bubble saw? Did the sentiment and mania resemble what we see today?


Trader legend Peter Brandt watching them BBands, like the rest of us. In the tweet he marked up the bottoming inverse h&s and imply a big move [up] accordingly, but "Cannot rule out fireworks on the downside". Not very helpful.

https://twitter.com/PeterLBrandt/status/1004534854258647041
Well it seems the pattern of higher lows, also known as a "bear market" around these parts, is continuing.

Let's see what kind of high we make next. 
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/bitcoin-hit-25k-end-fundstrats-191134062.html

Headline is a little misleading as Lee doesn't predict it will hit 25k by EOY but says it is not an unreasonable price target for EOY. It's also nice to hear actual fundamentals being discussed. All in all not a bad interview imo.
quick question someone might be able to help me with...

I want to buy a tradingview pro+ membership because I know I'll make that back with a single small good trade, and I'm confident the ability to chart multiple charts at the same time will make trading crypto much easier.

The issue is, I have no CC. They say they accept BTC too, but only from coinbase. So, if I sign up for coinbase, can I, without verification and quickly, transfer BTC on, to be used to buy the tradingview subscription.

Thanks
stop being bullish about Korea lifting the ICO ban and China unbanning crypto

the bogs know what they are doing, they want to get you to buy the dip so the can load the exact same korea/china FUD again

china cannot ban crypto again without unbanning crypto first
This seems to be common knowledge but I must have missed it. What are BRD / BGD's?
If this comes to Papa just a bit more, I'll enter a (low) leveraged long.

There's only so much Bitcoin to dump, and seems like a lot of people will take it at these low, low prices.
range is tightening, I think we'll get a move within the next 1-2 hours...my guess up since we tried to go down and got rejected every time 
In my opinion we have a unique opportunity to watch a market regime shift sometime within the following week.

The seasonality guys have been quick to point out (this month) that there has been a pattern of price change on the 6th, perhaps related to CME futures expiry, which we have already passed for this month; however CBOE XBT/M8 expires 13.06.2018 and this is something we need to be aware of.

Additionally, the multi-month price coil is tightening into a smaller range and BB are tightening.

So, to my mind this is a good opportunity for learning how the BTC market makes a shift - I would expect it to shortly become more profitable to trade trend-following rather than mean reverting. Keep your eyes out for news that may trigger market regime change too (similar to the news 'bitcoins are not securities', except that didn't appear to be a trigger item).
Sorry for the spam, but we just have some brilliant folks in this sub (ahem u/mandy7). Hoping you guys can help with another question, Can we ascertain how big a move up or down will be depending on how tight and how long the Bollinger bands have been squeezing?
This could be the closing of a double top rebounce. 12h Bbands tightening more... seem to be the tightest 12h Bbands since a long long time (seems to be the tighetst since April 2017 = 1 year 2 months).
One thing I'm sure of is that MM's are waiting for volume to fall before making large moves. On the early April pre-BGD week they were waiting for volume to taper off before selling. Here they're doing the opposite and letting things die down before pumping it.

I bet the market is pretty spooked and that's exactly the eerily quiet setup MM's are going for. Spooked = out of the market, tight stops, all low liquidity setups that make it easier to move the market for the least coin.

Edit: In addition, it looks like the whales/manipulators are waiting for shorts or longs to rise significantly. The early April malaise period lasted about 12 days before the BGDofDeath, here we're 15 days in and the shit looks extremely overextended. I'm dreaming of a $1000+ BRDofProfitabilityandgettingmeoutofthisshort.
That is what profesional TA\-guys say: [https://www.godmode\-trader.de/analyse/comeback\-der\-kryptowaehrungen,6118733](https://www.godmode-trader.de/analyse/comeback-der-kryptowaehrungen,6118733)

I translate the outlook in English:

Most chart images look very restrained, there is little cause for euphoria. The bullish course variants shown above should be treated with caution and subject to conditions. In principle, small long\-term opportunities could again arise at the current level, but close hedging is necessary. In addition, there should be a bias towards strong currencies in constructive chart setups, possibly shifting from weaker ones like Bitcoin or Litecoin into stronger and perhaps technically better ones. Further falling prices should surprise no one, meanwhile one can speak at least with the top dog Bitcoin of an intact downward trend since December, which can drag on without problems still many months.
It feels like the downward Bart moment is nearly here...

what a dead day 
[deleted]
Anybody else noticed that less acounts are online here in average? 2.5k was the minimum I have seen in the past and now we are down to numbers like 2.1\-2.2k...
[deleted]
Curious on [opinions](https://www.strawpoll.me/15848463)

edit: Very revealing results! Thanks guise.
Matching BTC, ETH, and EOS with an RSI overlay. Which one looks most bullish? 

https://www.tradingview.com/x/UbPwwTaY/

My impression is BTC has the fakest rally attempt out of the 3. RSI, daily, is 45 -- bearish territory. ETH is meh. EOS is drawing a C&H and it's RSI is going parabolic. EOS RSI is also < 1 point away from being in bullish territory.

*queue the EOS haterade*
What a surprise... Another Bart where we tread 7450-7750. You guys know those stupid games you see in malls/some convience stores that cost a buck and you can win prizes like phones, tablets, gift cards, etc? You know, the one that alls you gotta do is line the key up in the middle of the square box over the prize you want and its supposed to cut the string holding your prize? 

What people don't know is that the machine requires a certain payout before any prizes will actually drop. This is despite whether or not you actually line that mechanical key up properly. Whomever is toying with the crypto algorithm feels like they are doing the same strategy except they need people to sell in the 7450-7750 range or else we will stay in this range forever. Why would this be the case? The wealthy are hoarding crypto and are likely purposely squeezing short term traders out until there are none left. Only than will the price make a decisive break up or down. Likely up to cause FOMO from those who are desperate to chase profits and salty that they sold. Rinse/repeat. 


All my crypto is in cold storage and I'm not allowing myself to touch it for a year minimum. It's sad because whomever is toying with the price is being greedy and trying to squeeze blood out of a stone. I'm looking at you Mr. Rothschild and Rockefellar. Noticed awful lot of Barting since these folks got involved. Everyone selling in 7450-7750 range should imagine Mr. Burns rubbing his hands together saying "Excellent!" You know who Mr. Burns is created after, right? Oh look, another Simpson's reference.

https://i.ytimg.com/vi/vBgODf8NE1o/maxresdefault.jpg
[deleted]
Somebody's going to be buying back at a substantial loss.  They're just prolonging the pain at this point.
Wow...another wick up to resistance and immediate rejection. I smell a bart incoming.
Anyone else think EOS is potentially slowly dragging BTC up right now?

Deny it all ya want, but it’s definitely a major possibility. 

**Edit** To all you noobs downvoting me take a closer look before you jam the downvote button because you literally have no clue what your talking about. 

It’s over 2x volume of ETH on binance. It’s up nearly 6% for the day and continuously making new daily highs. 

Just watched the charts side by side and EOS took off first and BTC followed. Followed by the EOS dump first and BTC follow dropping from $7730 to $7694. 
The time to short the top may be right now.

Sources:

* less and less and less volume when the price is going up
* price only goes up after it's gone down a lot
* when price goes up, it goes down after
* $4300-$3800 price range target for 2-6 months from today
Just saw 2x 100 BTC offers trading on BitFlyer. Coming out of the blue. Doesn’t happen often
Last time i saw that we read about Kobayashi in the news....

I suspect he is dumping a few blocks now
Pizza did it again. Posted <30mins before the drop. Expecting more downside. 

Basically idea is we need to take out all the fomo longers stops and gather some more shorts before lift off. 

I expect a nice reaction at the lower box. 

If not then we retest lows/potentially go lower. Nice place for some 100x blap blaps.

https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/1ADOGrFj-Bitcoin-take-some-profits-longs/
I do believe this dip is about to wash away all of our sins.

Have a good time trying to time the bottom of this thing. I'm probably going to step away from the charts and watch the sky for a while, searching for the moon...
[deleted]
Ok, here's more TA:

We've been in a bear market since ATH. Past week, we've had 4 green dailies, 1 red daily, and 3 green dailies. Too much green too close to each other. Means we are going to see some red dailies

edit: downvote all you want but when I am buying your panic sells at 5k I will have the last laugh
This is the calm before a bart; a 150$ range going for 12 hours, with most of it being 1$ random walks
Bulls are about to get rekt hard. It's literally hanging on by a thread right now, just waiting for the daily to close. Hard dumping will commence on the new candle.
[deleted]
At this point I'm just going to wait for a bart down through the pink line and go long there.
That small move up confirmed a bear div + RSI is diverging from the top 8 mean which is pointing down along with MFI. This is probably going to Bart, but support will likely hold.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/z7GgvCte/
Bull flag starting to look Bartsy no? It's starting to climb a bit.
Where do you see icos being cleaned up ?
Great. Wise words. 
I don't get it. 
Seriously, though, in the last 2\-3 weeks the GDAX order book is always someone(s) flipping between 30\-50 BTC bid/ask at the best bid/ask.
v. 54 with less than 54 lines of code??
You think that bid is just one participant?
Brain dead simple question: where do you know this is the code?
It reminds me of this:

http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.php?id=chart_school:market_analysis:identifying_elliott_wave_patterns#horizontal_triangles
Spring damping is exactly how I think of consolidation.  It is the emotional dampening of market participants as the new price level is accepted.

I also imagine boiling parts of solution off when I see ascending and descending triangles.  One part of the solution must be completely evaporated before temperature will continue rising
>I guess it is 50/50 when the market volatility diminishes, it could be a bull trend or a bear trend after price stabilization.
Actually I agree. It should be much lower at this point. Sorry guys who got FOMOed at 2017. The trend line from 2011 is less than 4k at this moment and being still at 8k is quite astonishing. We will get to 20k but not in year 2018.
maybe you forgot the bit where the SEC chairman says most ICOs are securities
It's literally all just to continue the ridiculous investment bubble, none of it is for any real use case.

Coinbase launches products aimed at Institutions \- Institutions only need these products if they accept Cryptocurrency

Bittrex adds fiat pairs because they want even more shitcoins to be traded

Binance same garbage

More Cryptocurrency trading bla bla

Where is the actual adoption? Where can I pay for a security deposit in BTC, where is a Smart Contract on ETH governing the dividends paid out by a multi national, where is something actually happening.

Nowhere. And that's why all this news is just BS Hype. When an exchange comes out with Lightning Integration, so we don't have to deposit all our funds to some sketchy exchange, I'll be excited.

When I can use my BTC as collateral on an unsecured line of credit, when I can buy Bitcoin over the internet trustlessly, when I can send money to my grandmother and she can spend it at the super market. When I can enter financial contracts like options, futures, swaps etc without the need for a central entity.. That's when the price will react to news. Not when some SQL Server Coins accept Fiat
Agreed. Regulatory clarity for Bitcoin is certainly a huge plus as that really gives the “OK” for big institutions/funds to put a percent of their assets into Bitcoin. ICOs, on the other hand...we’ll have to see. My guess is that there will definitely be some ICOs that are going to be labeled as unregistered securities. 
Out of leverage (so in BTC). Confirmation on the upside to me is >7850. Down would have to be a lower low, which I have at <7350, although breaking below 7450 would still be pretty bearish. 
Upside: Over 8000 for a comfortable time.
Downside: Under 6800 for an uncomfortable time

Ive been out since I opened a short on ETH at 705 and BTC at 9400.  I have re-entered into BTC a few times here and there around what I thought was a close to guarantee pick up but I have been in and out in a jiffy over the past 4 weeks.  I have cold storage that I never touch but my trading has been complete FIAT and those are my levels for re-entry.  
Recently I've read "reminiscences of a stock operator" and the guy says people/traders always underestimate the forces on sideline ready to buy/sell. The rest of the book describes everything happening since november and it was in the 1900s.
I was on the sidelines since the big drop from the $8ks. Sold at 7910 right before shit hit the fan (I was avg in somewhere around 7600) I jumped back in with 60% of my fiat stash in the 6600's. Not sure if I feel comfortable going all in even if we break 8K with conviction since every gain feels temporary. I will revisit if we get there. I am out of crypto for the short-medium term if we break down with conviction below 6800-6900. Alts aren't moving. Some have done small 3-4% pumps and right back down but many of the mid-large caps seem to found some support. I do believe if we go into a bull market though, BTC will be king and alts will lag behind unlike the last little alt pump cycle we had in April-May. 

I will say though my expectations for making huge gains with crypto has been tempered and I will gladly begin to take some profits if I'm up 30-40% and buy dips. I don't think a run like 2017 will ever happen again, at least anytime soon.
7800 
Currently out of position, not playing these whale games in this range.

7875-7900 is what I'm waiting for
I'm watching 8300 for the upside and 7000 for the downside 
Cannot wait to short that shit once all the hype dies.
Awaiting the bart back down. Sideways chop, sideways chop, and more sideways chop. 
I'm torn on this sometimes. Like the long term downtrend that broke up / sideways. So many were looking at that as a reversal sign. Then not long after, people took the same top but draw a new, less steep downtrend line with price under it again.

At what point do you stop drawing resistance and instead start drawing support?
I do this on practically every chart I draw lol, even if I sometimes end up just redrawing the same formation.
>Feels like we're being punished for blowing straight through the $7k's with THE BGD back in April.

gravity lessons , what goes up must come down

that being said,  I feel the drop to 6k was "manipulated"
>Yesterday I wrote a big 'ol wall of text theorising about how Volume RSI might be a good indicator in the current market:

And today, I'm writing a big 'ol wall of text theorizing about how Volume RSI might be a good indicator in the current market... ;D

Teasing aside, very interesting stuff... Please do post again as you learn more!  My curiosity is definitely peaked, and it'll be interesting to see how this plays out with a decent market move.  Thanks!
novel ideas are always welcome, thanks.
>Coinbase's striving for a bank license

lol, dont get it why this is good news, we wanted to overcome the banks and now we think it helps us 
That was the most pussy like Bart I’ve ever seen.

Grow some balls bart 
I think it's noise.
I'm trying to figure out the same thing.  There's bearish divergence on the RSI and the MACD.  I'm 55&#37; sure the best play is to short.  
Thank you for the update soldier. Will add a route to $7860 before last stop at Goblin Town
You're all funny assuming Peter calls for 14k. His model said buy at 7350, nothing else and he believes a big move is coming (patient how he is, could mean within a month). In comments below he says rock n' roll could mean either direction.
It's hard to *day trade*. 

But there is a long term perspective: Educate yourself about the underlying technologies and make up your own mind about their possibility of being successful.

Once you did that, you can enter a long term position, whatever that may be...
I think Peter Brandt used that iH&S in his chart that implies we'll break out of the systemic triangle to 14k
You forgot to post the "do something" meme.
Don't worry, sooner or later whales won't be able to make money on these $2 swings and make the market make a decision.

Price discovery?
I would think whatever the next move is will be monstrous.
Consolidation by institutions if I had to make a guess.
Making preparations for goblin town.
I would draw it more like /u/Trk- drew it [Chart](https://www.tradingview.com/x/mMSx7aAY/)

Already has 2 touches down and 2 up. But also would like another touch to the support to give it more strength
One more touch on the bottom ascending support line would be ideal for a fat long if it holds. 

I’m assuming you considering going long there if it plays out 
EURUSD moves more these days than BTCUSD xD
I don't know how to TA and only use it as a guideline but my understanding is people like to draw it out to fit their narrative>

https://twitter.com/coin_signals/status/1004886584993484801

Apparently it's not a fractal as the title says but you get my point.
Would be the sexiest reversal pattern BTC has ever seen

Edit: Something like this? Red/Purple line 

https://www.tradingview.com/x/Cr7CNPSM/
/u/Coingurrruu also tried that pattern. I still think it's too farfetched how you drew it. At least it needed to start on the low before the first top.
Bcash lmao
Please correct the results it should be Bitcoin (BCH) and Bitcoin Core Scam (BTC)
I did pretty much the opposite. 5x long at 7700, added a little more on this current dip. I will hold until we reach 8.2k, or I get liquidated. Godspeed to us both !
Too bad I'm already on it :P

except I'm 1x with 75% -- same entry though
Probably because prior to Barting down, the price breaks a resistance only to get rejected. This causes panic and a dump happens.
It's common for large actors to be the source of the rise up in order to gain a more profitable short position, before dumping the price.  They can dump by a combination of opening shorts and closing longs (also by selling cold storage for fiat).  Large operators can really go hard if they want to.
My buy at 7599 is gonna snatch up yo Kraken coins. And I think you meant break under $7450?
It's a pretty eye opening documentary, but the loopholes have been mostly closed I believe at least for now.
It can also be applied to a lot of Chinese ico's

Raised significant funds, keep team in charge of majority of token supply, pay binance to list, dump on the market 
Not so sure. I think any semi-formed Barts become invalidated once this Santa's Little Helper completes on the 1H..

https://imgur.com/a/1Ioddxe
can you.... slowly bart?
Or to 7.565.
i would guess not if the Prophecy™ holds true

*And the sixth day of each month shall either be the highest or lowest point of that month and the cycle will oscillate in alternating months*
isn't the same you said when it was 7500?

And if so when you are right... take advantage of it!!

!Remindme 1 day
Where do you see the hype coming back?

Edit: *Hype (outside of the traders circle)
Bullish shitposts getting massive upvotes, this sub's going to be in great pain again.
I think so also. It took BTC to make a few hundred dollar higher lows to be convinced that we are slowly breaking out, which sucks since I would have loved to have gotten back in at $7100. I’m not a TA guy but I’ve been following that big triangle and if we drop out of it big at end of June, July I will sell and sit for a while because i don’t think that will start the rally of a big bull run, rather i think it will continue to just bleed down and extend this bear market for months if not more than year. 

With all the big players coming in, especially in the form of exchanges, I don’t think the market will allow a capitulating crash since that’s even less people in crypto. This is all my guess of course but these institutions are banking on new retail investors coming into the space. Sure they can be playing the Long game and let btc go down to (insert low number here) so they can pick up cheat btc but that may hurt the market to the point that it doesn’t recover for years. Sure the tech will move forward but investors will probably move onto something less volatile and cryptotwitter will go back to playing poker full time. 

Of course I’m heavily biased since I just spent 60% of my cryptofunds yesterday getting back into the market but I only buy when I feel the price will be higher 6 months from now. Everything between now and $7.2k is noise. I will get worried if we dip below. 
Take this back to r/CryptoCurrency
He speaks the truth. If you think it’s a baseless shitpost then all you gamblers can short the shit out of it and get rekt to oblivion. This isn’t investing in a promising tech that could change the world. This is nothing more than downright gambling. Futures since day one has ruined crypto. Been a downhill slide since the day futures started. 
> Does this feel super dumpy to anyone else?

Nope.
Your timing is stunning 
> Does this feel super dumpy to anyone else?

Tomorrow please change to 'super pumpy', please. 
spooky
Zoom out a bit? Am I seeing hidden divergence?
The shift in bull bias over the last 18 hours has been truly bizarre. I'd ignore that, too. These things happen.
I was. I sold everything just before it crashed and bought gold at $298/oz a couple years later.  People literally mocked me.  Everybody thought I was crazy. Only regret: Didn't buy $AAPL even though people made fun of me for my MacBook ("Dude! You have a *Mac*? They don't even make software for those things!") which was freakin' awesome with the UNIX terminal, stabiliity, etc.  My buddy saw it and bought $AAPL.  Promised myself that next time I saw something only a few people saw, I'd buy it up.  Saw that in 2014.  So glad I did.

Most people still mock crypto.  That's what tells me this party hasn't even started.  
This time is different. Investing had a relatively high barrier to entry then and was mostly considered a rich persons game. 
One of his more useless tweets...

he says sub $7k and we're headed for $3k. His chart shows target of $15k from from a v small bounce...

I get that both are possibilities but lol at the range. $3-15k...thanks Peter. 
Have I misunderstood?  I thought a bear market was lower highs, and a bull market was higher lows?
Yeah it’s not unreasonable but neither is 3k.


I just don’t know why we give any thought to this kind of stuff. It’s just [Coin] will hit [Price] by [Date] says [Person], every single time. 
Buy a prepaid visa and use that?
I would send them a support ticket to confirm this. When I got my account a few months ago they said they had stopped accepting crypto altogether. 

Also, I'm not really sure its worth it to give coinbase all your info just for a tradingview membership, even if you can pay with BTC that way.
korea bans anonymous bank accounts

Large colored sex toys
A big red candle or a big green candle, resembling the shape of a dildo 
that's my hope as well. still in green but barely. usually don't care for 1-2% movement but when it feels like judgement day for a big move it's unnerving.
Yo can I get a volume check on the CBOE?
No, it's an indicator about where you are based on where you've been, seeing how far from means and for how long.  It doesn't predict how big something will go when it breaks out or say where it's going.  The only predictive power is really that at any given moment you're more likely to remain constrained in the range that it sees than you are to breakout of it, and that the price tends to go back to the mean (but that's also because the mean follows the price itself). A breakout is just when it's more than that and then doesn't return toward mean.  There's a bunch more to BB though, like riding the bands etc but that's still not what you are talking about.

I'm no expert, just trying to communicate a common misunderstanding of TA.
⛳️🏌🏽‍♀️🏌🏼‍♂️
Have you seen the ETH 1D or 3D charts? It's looking like the floor is about to drop.

I have it testing resistance right now with the support around 540 and i feel it will go there unless BTC pulls of a major pump to drag it along.

If that support is tested and fails, it could go a lot lower, probably to 420 - 450 (based on a fractal so pulling these numbers out of my ass) and bringing BTC down. At the very least will put some downward pressure from the ratio bots.
>One thing I'm sure of is that MM's are waiting for volume to fall before making large moves.

Market makers generally make the market. We are expected to provide depth within a certain spread from index. We don't make large moves... Are you confusing MMs with institutional investors? Or is MM supposed to mean market mover in this context, perhaps? 
What makes you think the market is spooked? It seems increasingly bullish over the past week. 

The slow crawl upwards instills confidence in the average market participant that it's not going lower. 

If they were orchestrating this I have a feeling it'd look more like $6.5-7.5 range where everything was slapped down. 

we're slowly but surely crawling up and not sitting near the bottom. 

Even though it's a 5% difference, people perceive the movement significantly differently. 

Everyone thinks being stuck near the top of a 5% range is bullish whereas 5% lower and it's extremely bearish 
What makes you convinced that they want it to go up?
I see a blue arrow pointing straight up to $3.2 for XRP on a website called godmode trader, I have to agree the guy must be as legit as it gets. 
Since when are BTC or LTC weaker coins?
So it can go up or down..... LoL
Dead day #14. At least 35 more to go.
Stalling downward Bart because we have an RSI hidden bull div and an MFI triple bottom. 

https://www.tradingview.com/x/Rdx2tlI3/ 

I think the Barters are debating the upside to Barting down. It will most certainly get absorbed ~7600.

Edit: looks good so far. Nice bullish engulfing candle forming on 45m.
This is common across everything crypto. Google trends are way down also. Tons of people started paying attention during the parabolic rise last year and to start this year. Then when crypto market cap dropped 80%, most people saw it as validation that it is a bubble and not to be taken seriously so they quit caring. 

Also why it will be difficult to have another huge run anytime soon. Crypto became more popular than ever then shit all over itself with the eyes of the world watching. 
Are you comparing the numbers at the same times during the day? Right now it is back at 2.5K, might just be dependant on timezones.
Noticed this on a number of crypto related subs, most egregious example is on ETHtrader where the vast majority of original posters just straight up bailed and never returned since feb.
AFAIK the start of the upper line should be the apex of an up move. Other than that, it looks like it could play out
Much lol, must repost.
Not terribly surprised by the results tbh!
I like the buttcoiners. A lot of them know more about btc or blockchain more than most people in the space atm. The common joke is they sold too soon. For some thats true, others seem to just not believe but know exactly what btc is.
Wrong thread.
> You guys know those stupid games

Heh, is that what crypto trading has become recently? Play stupid games, win stupid prizes?
Why yes I did look at the price to check if there had been a massive crash, glad you asked...
Not sure what's more funny, the people who are / were thinking we're actually going to crash 90%+ or seeing /u/SloppySynapses being bullish back *there* while the lil permabull me was collecting downvotes for being even slightly skeptical and sketched out by the insanity of it all. :p
These time travel expeditions can get tense. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDAmPIq29ro
Haha these dumb predictions are always funny to read in hindsight.
Right now my target is 6.2k, how far are we from 95&#37; correction? What was the price at time of this post?
I agree... a lot of $ waiting on the sideline (Tether, etc.) that will inevitably re-enter the market. I think the amount of MC that exits the crypto space forever is minimal at this point. 
Hey. Hey hey. Can you put some thought and reasoning into your shit posts? Look at my last comment. Look at the quality reasoning I put into that shit. Can you try to do that plz?
it looks like a hidden sell wall at 7700 by a single person
It looks more like any attempt to drop the price is being neutralized well.. 
are you still in your all-in short from the other day
Might be connected to the EOS pump. People see it, fomo in, quickly buy some Bitcoin to buy EOS. Bitcoin pumps a little and gets corrected right away.
I don't think it drags Bitcoin slowly up.

But sudden EOS pumps clearly have an effect on the Bitcoin price. But only short term.
Or to long the breakout.

This is a coinflip.
You are hoping so hard for your short to come back into the green. 4K isnt going to happen.
After a triple bottom at 6k or above? Ohhh Kay guy 
For what?  Why would the court suddenly order him to start selling now when all the prior debts have been paid and their main objective is to now settle the rest of the coins with a(an) appropriate owner(s).

Lol. 100 BTC is nothing man. Also Mt gox doesn't have authorization to dump until September and they usually dump thousands at a time. 
I went out for 20 mins and I felt like I missed something earth-shaking, checked the charts and we dipped 50 bucks and bought back immediately. Was that the "drop"?
50 bucks. Some dip.
What dip? Am i missing something?
Yes. Rebirth for all.
Lets just cut off his dick and get it over with
You really shouldn't have so much faith in a guy who sells shill messages for money on twitter. 
No, Mcafee is crazy. Why do people take anything that man says seriously 
He wants to get rid of his bag :) 
Fuck that guy. He's just a scam artist, shills stuff if people pay him to and a possible murderer.

Also, creator of a worse than cancer software. :P

He is not worth paying attention to.
Unless he knows something we don't that price won't happen. Although, it's not like it hasn't happened before. After our bounce from 6k we roughly doubled in about a week but that was a hard fall and we aren't coming from a hard bounce so to expect it to double in a week is kind of ridiculous.

Unless he meant June 12th, 2019. Maybe he just left off the year.
Lots of drugs probably 
Check out @officialmcafee’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/999004273794002944?s=09
Not saying it'll happen but he said "in June". Nothing mentioned about June 12th except for the meeting between Kim and Trump. 
FALSE.  Mcafee said the market would start to turn around before June 12th. He said bitcoin will be 15k sometime in June (but may not happen until July).   

Check your facts before spreading misinformation.  
[https://dickline.info/](https://dickline.info/) 68 days behind
[deleted]
So You say we had 8 daily candles in a week? That is groundbreaking analysis, I gotta give You that.
That's not TA, that's gambler's fallacy. 
Is this what passes for TA now? Christ.
You are right  that we've never seen so many green days in a span of 10 days before.

Every time we saw 4 green dailies there was a red after and then at most 2 green dailies after that. 

So we're on a record for the most green dailies in a span of 8 days we've seen since November! 

Today will be the 4th green daily in a row if we close above $7700, marking 9 in 8 days. We also have not seen 5 greens in a row since November 

However most of this is sideways. It might be more prudent to analyze the highest % of gains we've seen before retracing 
...said no professional trader ever.
Trying to speak it into existence based on your position?
And the point of your post is?
I agree. The past few months BTC/ETH do Pump/Dump fakes a few days before it actually makes the move. It did a dump fake on the 27th so I am expecting it to start dropping off any time now. 

It's spotty TA I am aware but it's been holding true lately. 
Not gonna happen. 
Binance isn't going to delist alts because of SEC, and people aren't going to stop trading on Binance because of SEC. Worst case SEC regulations scenario would see Ethereum taken off GDAX / Gemini, and while that'd probably hurt its price short-term somewhat, I don't see an apocalyptic outcome there regardless of what they decide; certainly wouldn't affect any of BFX / Binance alts in a significant way. Also I'm still quite skeptical of any serious action against altcoin trading in general, it'd be a pretty silly move -- although shouldn't underestimate the stupidity of our government workers, I suppose. 
So even if they were to label ETH, XRP and other alts as securities (which is unlikely but whatever), why would this destroy said alts? I've been trying to find out why alts being labeled securities is a bad thing, why would prices drop? 
I agree that bitcoin dominance will go back up relative to alts, but both alts and BTC are going down in price
Yea ideally the move would be to long in the $7550-7600 range after a bart 
Interesting, I never dig that deep thanks for quick analysis 
You're looking for divergence within chop. A big nono, you're supposed to compare local highs/lows. See pictures for Rule 1: [https://www.babypips.com/learn/forex/9\-rules\-for\-trading\-divergences](https://www.babypips.com/learn/forex/9-rules-for-trading-divergences)
https://www.tradingview.com/x/SDx04ig8/

If it slowly climbs out of the top of the line yea it would look a little bartsy.

If it does bart down and make a higher low, I’ll be going balls deep on a long as I truly think we could see a reversal here 
If they sold unregistered securities,  the SEC can take some kind of legal action (what that entails, I have no idea, ianal) which would probably result in delisting from all US exchanges (besides potentially Coinbase as it seems they’re trying to get a license to sell securities)
He's making a joke at the expense of whoever has an order in the books with a larger spread against other bids than the asks (0.01 spread against asks, 1.13 spread against bids).  The joke is that he's so competitive to beat the other bids that he places an order in a way that loses him money, hence the header comment "// so competitive that we hate money."  The program above is just something quick /u/The_OPs_Mommy wrote up as a joke to illustrate how humorously bad the script would look for such a bot if it existed.
[deleted]
I believe he works for a firm that runs HFT bots and he's laughing at how primitive the bot is
while(1) means infinite loop, so the code inside the while loop will run continuously. The code inside means that the spread will be kept at a 1 cent difference at all times. I'm not sure what purpose the sleep function serves.
it's an HFT bot. it's consistently market making with the same amount. That bot probably market makes almost all of the volume on GDAX
I dont want to sound rude but taking a trendline from 7 years ago is as useful as taking a trendline from the last six 30 minute candles.
Why go back that far? There are trend lines in the monthly and weekly from last year that are much lower than current prices. And this is on the arithmetic scale... on log scale things don't look so good. And the macd on the monthly is about to take a nosedive. 
But we could pump to 0.5 fib easily which is at around 8250 euros. 

PS The fact you are downvoted means there is plenty of pain to come. The market will eat the emotional.
Yes it's concerning to people who hold some alts like myself but if anything this is probably good for the market as a whole because regulation of ICOs will help to get rid of scams and stuff which are rampant in crypto. I think it really makes it hard for crypto to be considered legitimate with all that shit.


If one or two of my investments end up doing poorly due to that, then so be it. I'll sell those and find other projects. But first and foremost I really want crypto to succeed.
Long term I'd argue that is good for the cryptocurrencies even if it causes FUD for altcoins in the short term.
Alt bear market is just getting started. SEC hasn't started cracking down yet. When warrants and arrests start happening regularly this summer people will start taking their hands out of the cookie jar.
*most*
Triangle bottom at around 7.2? Breaking to lower low on that run may be stopped by that support.
What about to the down side?
Thats a very wide price window. Do you trade on longer time frames or shorter?
EOS : to be replaced by a project that scales off chain out of the box without centralization... Sound familiar?

If I told you an alt will spin up to replace them with better tech in 18 months, would you believe me? Of course you would.
Remember the guy who shorted 100 BTC of Dash? 

Remember that EOS has one of the biggets ETH wallets? 

And that they have around 1.3B USD in VC capital for funding development

in other words, the fundamentals from financial levels speaks against you. You can already short it on OKEX and BFX by the way
Really? Just bought some :)
This doesn't feel like an oncoming downward bart. I have a feeling this is going to spring above 7800 in the next hour or so.

EDIT: Well I guess my feelings were not entirely useful. Still, the drop is not significant enough to cause me to worry, but I was really expecting a jump up.
Yes you can expect that and I don't think it will be very surprising to see that. On the other hand, I think more hands will get into longs at their desired target price.
I don't know, it's been a considerable period in the 7.7k range that I actually believe it will break up.  This is just like the 7.6k range where we were expecting a bart down and it turned out to be a shakeout.
Horizontal support/resistance lines will always be more important to the market than diagonal support/resistance lines.

At what point do we stop redrawing the downtrend line? When it begins making higher highs.
First time I really learned this was when it went from $11,500 to $16,600 in 25hrs. I was like oh this puppy gonna craaaaash. Of course then I bought at $19,000 assuming it'd bull through $20K but that's how it goes right?
As always I didn't intend to write as much as I did aha.

I'll be sure to post again with some retrospective analysis!
No problem. Definitely should be viewed as only 'novel' without more testing though!
It is complex and hard for me to fully take this from point point a to z. But going full pirate bay is probably the hardest route, no? Maybe this is more like laying the ground work for btc as monies version of net neutrality and banks as they are today are like AOL and Prodigy. Its giving legitimacy to the ability to conduct censorship resistant transactions and invest in what many consider more sound money.

Also, financial institutions are not inherently evil,  private banks issuing private monies were not necessarily bad. Its aspects of fractional reserve banking and other aspects of Central banking that are awful.

Its complicated and i do not know if this is truly good or bad. But an intersection if traditional finance and what we want to be the future of finance was probably inevitable.

Edit : a word
Not applying for a bank license means leaving that regulated sector to the traditional banks.
It may just be so they are legally allowed to store their clients' actual USD currency instead of something like Tether that's supposed to represent traditional fiat.
We just want to trade the market. Nobody gives a crap about those ideals anymore (hint: derivatives trading volume going up while spot trading volume declines)
Might be to early to say if that was the real Bart. I feel like this can go sideways for awhile
Back in the pennant. Probable fake out so a long  with tight stops could be a nice choice now.
Vaginas are far tougher than testicles.
Yeah but now the Bulls are bored and want Bart to man up so they can punch him in the face once more.
Thank you!
Pretty funny, but I think people should genuinely be wary of getting trapped if it crosses $7800 then reverses soon after.
For determining where the rock and roll will go, you have to use info outside the charts.  There is a mountain of good news, sentiment, and institutional money lining up, it seems quite counterintuitive for it to break downwards.  I think we can all agree it is coming to a head soon in the next month or two and it will have to break one way out of the wedge.
>It's hard to *day trade*. 
>
>But there is a long term perspective: Educate yourself about the underlying technologies and make up your own mind about their possibility of being successful.
>
>Once you did that, you can enter a long term position, whatever that may be...

How do you correlate the potential success of a speculative currency with a particular price per coin? Could Bitcoin technology be considered successful and be trading at $2500 per coin in two years? How about five, or ten? 
Peter has been wrong atleast over 100 times. I stopped checking his twitter dude is a fool. 
[Don't tell the mods.](https://ih1.redbubble.net/image.479961109.3326/flat,550x550,075,f.u5.jpg)
Some one with range trading bots are probably making a killing these past months.
I feel like everyone has been saying that for months... Yet here we are.
That's a channel, which I also have. Both can very well be valid, as the triangle could easily play out inside that ascending channel. 
Yes, although that's what I said yesterday and didn't open at 7490. Still, if we drop but hold over 7500, I'll be looking to long. 
[TSLA](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=fin&ei=3TsZW-bBH8idgAaoxaOwBg&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAONgecRoyi3w8sc9YSmdSWtOXmNU4-IKzsgvd80rySypFJLgYoOy-KR4uLj0c_UNkrMzCnMqeAAN-urSOgAAAA&q=NASDAQ%3A+TSLA&oq=tesla&gs_l=finance-immersive.1.0.81l3.6579.7175.0.8050.9.9.0.0.0.0.74.288.5.5.0....0...1c.1.64.finance-immersive..4.5.288.0...0.Fy-3JanWE-4#scso=uid_5jsZW9yZPOXEgAbBpahg_5:0) is where the real action is!
It's not that I'm rationalizing my decision to short with that chart. It's the other way around - I spotted that structure and decided to put money where my mouth is.

Also, it's not just fractals. The rally and volume at 7k were weak and suspicious at best
yeah, it's far from perfect but hey who knows
https://www.tradingview.com/x/mMSx7aAY/   ?

but yeah it's probably wishful thinking
Honestly can't tell if sarcasm, so assuming yes and updooting accordingly.
BTC stands for Bilderberg The Creator.
Bitcoin Core is an actual alt that forked Bitcoin but isn't Bitcoin. Are you talking about the alt or Bitcoin?
As I said, for me this one is a gamble, if I lose I'll lose like $15 per BTC traded so no big deal, so good luck ;-)
Not a bitmex guy here. I see this all the time but never understood. What's 1x and what 10% here? Is 1x 1 BTC and are we talking about 10% of 1 BTC?
That was bought up quickly...

This is pure gambling right here.
Tin foil hat theory: "They" paint it to look like a rejection, hunting stop losses along the way and then damp it
I've never understood long adds a dollar under round numbers. Wouldn't you want it $5 or so over? If we get all the way to 7600 and it *doesn't* hold, wouldn't you want your orders down around 7555-7582 to catch the next leg?
That’s not nice now is it. 

And yea a break under red line which will be around 8450 I’ll just give up on any hope for the bulls 
What have we become
So obvious! I'm just gonna... sit back and see if I'm right...
The hype from people hyped about their own hype 
[Look at all the hype!](https://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/coinbase.com)
Thank you for saying what many wanted to say but didn't.
It's amazing what a reprieve in selling will do to the mind...

Tbh with all the good news and this weird little climb we've got, I'm even starting to doubt myself. I just can't reconcile the complete lack of mania with these prices yet. 

All of the good news is about regulations and trading, though. How come we never get any good news about...you know...usage? 
It's insane. I want BTC to go up just like the next #moonboi but we got a lot of things ahead of us before that becomes a reality. Recent price action isn't bullish and a strong case can be made that this isn't our short term bottom. Euphoria is ever present and this market needs to get hurt.
Are you in Pain?
Likely we still have some way to go down, not doubting that.  I'm eyeing up getting back in \<$6k.

But things are starting to look up, the recent news dropping is positive whatever way you look at it, the ICO/shitcoin apocalypse the SEC look like they have planned being one of the best parts.
I’m sorry you got rekt
How can you just assume 'the weak hands are shaked out', 'manipulative traders are being shaked out', 'hype is coming back', and there is 'no need for ta'?

How are these claims anything but a baseless shitpost?
FXs have a natural role in wheeling in the euphoria, creating much more momentum upwards in longer cycles. Patience is a virtue.

Same thing happened in 2014\-15 although FX were hardly existing. Still at least one bear\-whale got slaughtered and most shorters too that thought they'd keep winning.

Consider, the whole momentum is China (last year 90&#37; of trades). To some degree Japan and South Korea. Not US or Europe. Meaning as soon as the Yuan moves, and Chinese millionaires are looking to flee their capital, that's when BTC moves in leap steps.

On that scale Bitmex market marking desk is an ant in comparison, that's why they just take their hands off the market and let it run the minute something in stirring in Asia.

Even if Goldman and NYC still thinks they're number one in the game, Bitcoin will only accelerate the blow out of the derivatives bubble. This will funnel the next financial crisis. Because they're tying leveraged (fiat) shorting and dumping to keep Bitcoin down. This market is different in it obeys the laws of gravity (limited cap). You will face difficulties in **countering the water flowing out of the giant hole in the dam** as Andreas puts it.
AH DUNNO MAN, LOOKS DIRE: https://www.tradingview.com/x/uKeKYmT0/

/s
Hah, twice in two days. But BTFD kicked in and we're not even down 0.5% after that bounce. The orderbook is just too stacked underneath us, and it doesn't seem spoofy like usual. I'm honestly not sure what the play here is. I'm sitting out for now. 
So it drops less than half a percent and all of a sudden this is super dumpy?? Wtf?
Let me slide into a long first
Zoom-out OBV: https://www.tradingview.com/x/PRjCPcgb/

I zoomed in to see whether there's more selling than buying, after the mini pump to 7700.
Interesting.. and you don't think the hype and mania in 2017 came anywhere close to what you saw during the dotcom bubble?


I just read they added the $25k entry barrier *after* the mania happened. Is that what you're talking about? 

Greenspan increased interest rates to 10% and the SEC implemented PDT (pattern day trading rule) in 2001, requiring $25,000 to day trade. 

Was it a rich person's game even before that? That's like $35-40k now, which it seems a lot of people in crypto actually trade with. 

Also were you poking fun at yourself or being serious with the this "time is different"? Haha 
> was mostly considered a rich persons game. 

I have friends who's parents almost lost their house investing in Cisco... they weren't exactly rich... far from it imho... especially back in 1999.
He is an absolute joke. He spends far more time on twitter than actually trading. He has NEVER announced a real bitcoin trade because he can't pull it off. 
Technically a larger upside potential then, haha.
It's a joke, he's calling out people who refuse to see the higher lows, one legitimate sign of trend reversal.

As a counter-point, it is also possible people are just looking at different time scales or place more value on other signs that are yet to appear.
I have no CC though, dunno how else I could get it. 
Thanks, here I thought BGD was a bogdanoff ...
idk how the futures thing is still a theory, even futures traders say that that the volume simply isn't there to warrant manipulation like that 
Veltrop's correct, it's a 20-period mean(or avg if you like)of the price history with the general setting of plus/minus 2 std deviations which statisically shows 95% of the values(price points) will fall in-between those bands. 
Curious, what about the charts makes you think the floor is about to drop? Stoch RSI on the daily is overbought and could maybe cross down soon I guess, but on the 3 day it recently crossed up in the oversold region. I do see the resistance line we're testing right now, but I don't see ETH not breaking it as a done deal just yet.

I realize this is alt discussion mods so sorry, but the original comment is framing it as an effect on bitcoin and I'm just trying to get a better grasp on his thoughts here.
I don't know, 1D ETH charts looks a lot more bullish than BTC's to me. I'm expecting ETH to pull BTC up in the coming weeks.
I would love to get ETH back in $400s again
~440 is what I have as a target looking at the day chart, but I think 505-510 will offer some support and maybe a good spot to expect a slight bounce before continueing down. Before that happens, volume is going to have to pick up a lot more to have me convinced
OMG what an honor to have you reply directly to my comment. <bow> <bow><bow><bow><bow> no sarcasm at all.

Mybad, I'm probably misusing MM, had no idea I was. By MM's I mean manipulating mofos
Mike, which exchanges' volume data do you trust?
He means Traders that work with unregulated exchanges that have a leg up on everyone as they can see where everyones stops are, see how much cash is on the exchange, how many coins there are ect. 


Mike, your description is accurate in the traditional sense of a sell side market maker. The crypto space, however, is far from traditional. 


For markets in an embryonic stage of development, and in markets where there’s been not one but two major parabolic moves, it is more than reasonable for there be a rise in client demand for access and exposure. This, in turn, results in the sell side to establish an OTC market maker function for institutional and HNW clients. The objective in doing so isn’t just to match large buy and sell orders, but do so without directly effecting the price on the secondary market. 


In markets where volume is both low and declining, comparable to traditional markets, the OTC market maker role carries with it a real and credible impact on secondary market prices. It is this point that I believe OP was looking to address.  

Been checked out of the forum/charts for the past week or so - how're you feeling lately? Cautiously bullish? Or still significantly bearish?

I'm starting to think about opening a low lev long here, which has me checking myself a bit.
The fact that it's not moving if you don't count the dildos. What's left of price movement sans dildos is saying that the organic buying and selling is weak, so either people are doing small amounts, or more likely just sitting out and waiting for things to play out. That waiting is what I'm calling spooked.

How do you see us being more bullish? It's drifting up, not going up, and obv is flat or negative depending on timeframe.
I'm on 4hr Bitfinex chart, look at the volume right NOW, and look at what the price did every time volume reached the volume it's at now (about half of the previous 4hr candle). More often than not this volume is immediately followed by a BGD. See it?

I'm not convinced they want it to go up in the medium term, but short term (next few 4hrs candles) it's still looking like they need to pump it higher before the major move. This is because look at how saggy the chart is, low quality rises, no follow through, not even a hint of parabolic momentum. This is not accumulation behavior.
Yeah, it's a bit funny. But who knows? Crypto is funny.
LTC has completely lost it's raison d'etre (assuming it ever had one) with better alts that have wider market acceptance, higher trading volumes and market caps. If markets are at all rational, it should go the way of bitconnect.
they underperformed in regard to other coins in 2018 so far...
[deleted]
I cant do this for 21 more days.
> Nice bullish engulfing candle forming on 45m.

A 45min chart?  Sorry I'm confused.  Can't find any bullish engulfings.
Isn't your chart also showing slight Bearish Div between the RSI peaks? (I don't know much about bull/bear div, just trying to understand)
No offense but I don't think whales are looking at RSI, div, or MFI. They buy/sell to suit their needs
MFI?
Interest is down since December, up since any point before that. Why do so many on this sub seem to think Bitcoin was invented in December 2017 and benchmark everything from that point? Bitcoin went from zero to 10,000 without mass awareness, let alone interest. Honeybadger DGAF if the plebes are interested.
it's even worse for the "crypto traders" and "ico investors" on youtube. some had 100k or more views before, now it's maybe 8-10k.

Turns out no one (or very few) actually wanted to learn trading but wanted to gamble on lottery tickets in the form of ICOs/next Binance coin. Who is surprised...
Because ETHtrader turned into a hot pile of steaming garbage.
Dammit, I thought mods were asleep! :p
Yes, I was joking. I think we all knew who would be #1.
It was much different 5 years ago. Buttcoiners used to act like BCashers act today. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if there was a good deal of crossover. These days, Buttcoiners are a different breed and relatively cordial and polite.
It's funny how many people I upvoted back then and now I'm like wow I was stupid. I figure in another 6 months I'll be saying the same thing about myself now

buy high sell low ya??? :D
People would say 20k is ridiculous a couple of years ago. Everything is possible. The point is to go with the trend, i.e., the direction at some timeframe, if you try to predict the price it's a waste of time.   
1k is possible. 150k is possible. Going to 50k or more and collapsing under its own weight is possible. Big parabolas are fragile. And this thing overshoots in all directions (too much leverage, pure speculation).
If price at time of the post was 5k, top price was 20k, you calculate 95&#37; crash from 15k gain.
A 95% correction from the USD ATH would be $1000. The lowest we went so far was around 70% down. 
Is this a "Do as I say not as I do" kind of thing?
My conclusion as well
Yeah it's a battle alright. On margin nonetheless, both longs and shorts are up since yesterday. I don't know if this can end well.
yeah, im holding that till either liquidation if we break through the 7800-7900 level or until big profit in the low 5s if we break down the triangle below 7k
I seriously don't understand EOS... Blew the mainnet deadline with obvious coding issues ongoing, no firm estimate of how long the delay will be, and the price continues to climb. i feel like I'm taking crazy pills or something... didn't one guy find 12 bugs in a day and got $120k from the bug bounty? 
Yea i was speaking short term as in like this very moment. 

Not sure why people are in total disbelief of it 
Too much noise for a clear signal. I’m glad to be taking a break for a bit. 
and why not?
You are hoping for BTC to go up 10000x instead of only 100x since you bought in really late.

There we are both imagining scenarios about each other.
what triple bottom?!
I have a feeling that this idea with triple bottom is being promoted by whales to squeeze the longs.
Yes it’s nothing but it doesn’t happen often on this exchange

Last time I started like that and at various times of the day you had sporadic 100btc sales so that the total becomes significant 

Those two blocks were eaten very easily as the market is buoyant but let’s see if he comes back again during the day
The market has been so flat lately people are getting hyped over a $50 price drop...
What is this a dip for ants?!
Some dip :D
How is he gonna eat his dick when Bitcoin hit 1 million then ?    
/s
[deleted]
Those were his fake accounts, but yeah the guys a spinner
Yeah, really. He didn't even create anything, just right place right time. Guy should fuck off to some island and leave the world alone. 
I would have known if Kim Kardashian met Trump. Big fan /s
[deleted]
How can it be 15k in June if it won't happen until July? Fuck logic amirite
I love to zoom out on that line. it makes our 20k top look like the 1300 top from 2013 now :)

Sets everything in perspective and fuels my hodl power :)
It gets a lot of airtime - but essentially the first 3 letters of that are what counts.

https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/evicted-anti-virus-guru-john-mcafee-on-the-run-again-8965313.html

*The country’s Prime Minister, Dean Barrow, has described Mr McAfee as “extremely paranoid, even bonkers”.*

Would you pin any hope on what this man says? He's a bit of a trainwreck. More likely to be a hobo by 2020 - much more prudent prediction.
> He is risking the credibility

McAfee only has credibility with other scammers and complete buffoons.


I mean this guy was shilling Verge and Tron. He is also being paid for his shills. I don't think he has much to lose in terms of reputation.
Lmao
Based on TA and foresight. Daily is closing bearish, we are making a fractal from 11.7k (look at 3 day at 11.7 double top and look at current daily, nearly identical), we were rejected from resistance at 7800 pretty harshly several times, 12, 6, 4, 2H MACDs ready to go bearish, etc. Just looks droopy as fuck.

25 minutes...the clock is ticking.
To warn bulls they have about 35 minutes to close their longs at the current price or they will get rekt.
If it's expected...it won't happen.
Coinbase just said they are working hard on trading tokens as securities with SEC, so it's not going to happen. Nothing is going to happen to biggest alts and bitcoin. Worst will be for fake alts, and they are too many. And Ripple just said XRP is not theirs and could continue on its own, so not a security neither. This SEC regulation is probably going to clean the market from a lot of shitcoins and ICOs, but the biggest aren't. So basically, crypto will benefit, and bitcoin's the first.
[deleted]
Thanks, this was really informative! TIL
Already have a small buy near the support line in ETH just in case.
Even if it doesn't bart but ends up going down to support again i'll probably enter a long with stops right below support also.

Bart would be great because the entry would be better :)
> Even more perplexing is that it’s not really a dumb program. It’s pretty sophisticated in certain ways, its use of timers for e.g.

This, it looks stupid but it's being done in a sophisticated manner. Not sure if I believe it's GDAX though, that would be pretty fucked if true but I doubt they'd actively trade against their own customers at the risk of losing their entire exchange.
Probably a stupid question, but what is their objective in doing this? E.g. some things I can think of: (a) keep the price steady\-ish by absorbing market sells (b) making things look a bit more lively than they are. If the objective is profit\-generating, I'm surprised they didn't optimize (like by dropping the bid to just above the nearest highest bid, or spreading the bid among multiple price points.)

When I see a large "obvious" best bid/ask wall by a single party, I'm assuming it's someone who doesn't care (like the Bearwhale of a few years ago), or someone who wants that amount to be very visible.

Edit: or is it just picking up some 0.001's from absorbed market sells, and then hoping to off-load them at a few pennies higher, over and over?
Oh, I see. I thought you were pointing out something about the order at 7711.87.

Yeah that's a bad bot and it wouldn't surprise me if Brian Armstrong designed it himself.
[deleted]
Coinbase and sophisticated tech(evena simple bot) does not compute... 
Why though?
> I'm not sure what purpose the sleep function serves.

Most likely to throttle API calls to below the allowed limit.
I get that, but why is that funny? What is inordinary or nonstrategic about the order book above?
Check his username, he's got PTSD.

I just recently got over it...
RemindMe! 6 months
Actually it is a good place to see where the market is. If you write extra bearish comment and get completely downvoted means that people are losing money already and hope for the bounce. Those downvotes makes me really bearish. 
Exactly. Getting rid of the ridiculous scams, pump and dumps, and clear money grabs is only going to help the legitimate projects long term.
Alt consolidation into a few projects will be good for everyone long-term. The problem we're seeing is caused by a large number of garbage products and scams tainting the space. When that's all cleared up we can have a bright future.
Yeah, at this stage, waiting to short a lower low doesn't make a lot of sense unless you just wait for 7.2/pennant bottom to fall. If you think that's a likely outcome, makes a lot more sense to grab a short on futures over 7750.

R/R is definitely shifting towards longing a dip, as long as its a higher low. 
anything below 7200
I got it about about 6.9k? That's ticket to goblin town.
Agreed, I just don't trust any of the current movements until we've resolved this huge triangle from ATH. I don't trade very often so I look at longer time frames. 
These things won't just prevent EOS from ever crashing. Sure, it might go parabolic in the near future and I might even buy some, but its the current flavour of the month and like all previous coins, the hype dies out and the price will drop like a rock.
Why?
Someone a week or two ago gave some interesting analysis / insight on volume profiles of "Barts" (I'm personally not a fan of the term but c'est la vie). It was actually interesting as a way to differentiate between organic rises / bull flags and the imminent drop on the right side of a Bart.

I wish I would have saved it bit I didn't. Anyone know what I'm talking about and saved it by chance?
When it comes to barting, I think there is more likelyhood of a bart upwards rather than downwards due to the strong price actions we are seeing, anything under $7,700 is bought up rapidly, ar atleast price doesn't plunges much. However, we can still see one in either direction as I said below.
I sold at 19 and bought back at 16 assuming it would 25k

can confirm, that is how it goes

Let's be real, alot of cryptos are going to be labeled securities. They need to work within the system to legally sell those assets.

Edit: was re:ing to noeel.
What's the difference between Coinbase and traditional banks, though? It's still a centralized operation at risk of the same pitfalls of normal financial institutions, nah? 

I personally feel like bitcoin is slowly moving away from the decentralized as well as the payment processor appeal. While I understand that tech adapts and evolves, wasn't the entire purpose to be a decentralized currency? 


Lack of regulations are what allowed crypto to moon and flourish- the appeal was always to subvert traditional financial systems. 

I won't ever deny that bitcoin has a use case in that original sense, but the lofty goal of becoming a legitimate global currency will entail regulations and oversight that essentially turn bitcoin into a fiat impersonator- a solution looking for a problem.


> Nobody gives a crap about those ideals anymore 

When I read this, sure makes me smile we have been in a 2 week long sideways freeze, heck maybe even a 2 year nuclear winter doesn't sound that bad.

Nobody cares about trading. It is decentralization which will take this to $2T or $20T or whatever moon in the sky number. Else this may as well be $10b marijuana penny stocks.
I was going to put a long order around $7650 ish which would have been triggered, but got busy 

Sitting it out for now and waiting for real move 
Duh 🤷🏼‍♀️
Daytrading has become so difficult and full of whipsaws that:

1) Buying after confirmation of support --> buying the top

2) Selling when the support of a trendline has been breached by a BRD --> whipsaw. selling the bottom

These days I think it's better to buy prematurely/aggressively and set a not-so-tight stop loss
Yup, I remember we all said $9800+ would be smooth sailing til at least $10.2k+ 

mhmm...$9990. -_-'

Not really trusting these "breakouts" any more. 

I'm still amazed we were at $9990 and no one just FOMO'd to tip the scale 
> institutional money

Aye yi yi. 
For now all evidences point to people going long but no actual buying and holding, hoping others will do the actual hard work for them, which could work if sellers give up, but could end in a disaster if they don't.

Also, this instutional money coming anytime now sounds just like xrp shills at 3$ calling for trillions from banks coming anytime now. Does the chart support this opinion? No it doesn't.

I'm not shorting this as I witness the overall bullish sentiment on social medias (going as far as distorting anything to bullish, referring to Peter's tweet), but the results are simply not there as far as I can see.
> Could Bitcoin technology be considered successful and be trading at $2500 per coin in two years?

Yes, but that depends on what you consider a success. If you have numbers for what success is (eg $100 billion in products purchased with bitcoin in 2020) you can calculate the value of the coin. The trouble is no one agrees on what success looks like, and fewer still have a metric for success and then have access to the necessary data *and* the economic chops to sift through the noise.
I think he's wrong about this one... But I'm wrong sometimes too. I think it's going sideways and Peter thinks 14k. Such is life without a crystal ball.
most people here are wrong. We don't have the millions he has though
u/jarederai
I'm talking about the part in yellow. 
I think we are all waiting for that long entry, which sucks because it could never happen.

We could just break up here from this Bart/bull flag and never have the chance to long low. Luckily, we will have opportunities to open up longs on the way up 
 #tothemoon
Yes, that is more "textbook". Another touch on the support gives the 3 touches at resistance and 3 at support giving it some more strength.

For now i won't short because i also believe we can be on our way to test the resistance on the big triangle so it's buy the dips mode for me.
> if I lose I'll lose like $15 per BTC traded so no big deal

$7850 - $7720 = $130 per BTC traded though
1x is the leverage I'm using, and 10% is the percentage of my total stack.

So if I have 1 BTC in my account, 10% of my stack would be 0.1 BTC. 1x leverage means my position will be 0.2 BTC, where 0.1 BTC is mine and 0.1 BTC is borrowed from the exchange.
Eth stopped on the support perfectly. I wouldn't bet it going lower 
Bart watchers.
This sub has become a parody of itself lol
Stopped touching shorts for a while. Have a buy set on ETH on the support line just in case.

Yesterday had a sell on ETH resistance but chickened out, turns out i was right and was a near perfect entry for a scalp but it's getting too narrow to be safe
Because there isn’t nearly enough of it? And it will remain that way unless/until Lightening Network takes off and proves itself. Think of all the mania and publicity Bitcoin got at the backend of last year, yet how many vendors/companies are providing a BTC payment option?
[deleted]
How can you just assume 'the weak hands are shaked out', 'manipulative traders are being shaked out', 'hype is coming back', and there is 'no need for ta'?
How is most TA anything but a baseless shit post anyway? 
Lol thats a one minute chart. [Have a look here](https://www.tradingview.com/x/12wdfLgZ)
I think we're at the point where this range is just tired of itself and we're due to drastic move in one direction. But guessing which way it'll go... I'm gonna wait it out too..
I am sure he wrote the post before this mini\-dump :)
I wrote it literally as it started to dump and it got stopped.

Expected something more, but got dick teased 
Just looked myself. That could be considered hidden bullish divergence. It's not substantial. I think you can disregard for now.
That's probably bullish unless the price makes a local low soon.

I just wanted to see 10-20 more bars on your previous chart. This isn't relevant to that IMO.
I can see how you might see it that way, but no.  I remember pleading with people that this thing was stupid and ready to burst at any moment, kind of like I am now with most traditional financial instruments (and, not for nothing, as I was prior to 2008 which is why I had bought gold at the earlier time).  But most people were like, "Just trust the process dude.  It's a new paradigm.  Blah blah blah." Just like they are now with their 401(k)s or whatever.  Like they're all brainwashed, not realizing what a bag of shit they're holding. 

Put it this way: Bitcoin is a lot like gold was in 1999-2003 or so.  People thought you were nuts.  Gold was over.  Gold was ded.  This was teh age of duh imformashun superhighway. 

Someday historians will analyze Internet discussions and see that what I am saying is accurate.  The masses are asses, over and over again.  The masses make fun of me when I tell them to buy Bitcoin, just like they made fun of me when I told them to sell their sexy DotComs and buy gold.

I'm not even kidding.  This party has not even started.  Read any discussion about Bitcoin on Slashdot or ArseTechnica or any financial discussion board like /r/personalfinance.  You'll see exactly what I'm talking about. Whatever the herd is doing, do the opposite.
I was around, in grad school, but paying attention. I'd say the thing to keep in mind is scope. The hype around the original digital assets, domain names, caused $5 trillion in wealth to dissappear. Those dollars were much stronger as well. My parents lost an absolute shit ton. 

So mania getting ahead of the tech, fair comparison. But crypto is a blip compared to the nasdaq back then, so more hype and mania can absolutely come. 
Just compare the Nasdaq graph to bitcoin 2016-2018  and youll see a near perfect match; just what took years in the stockmarket took mere months - less than year in crypto.
There were exceptions. DIY comission free brokerages didn't exist in 1999 so things were a bit more tedious. 
Not by percentage. 

edit: the above statement isn't clear or accurate on its face. /u/SloppySynapses alluded to what I meant. 
Yeah I mean shorting $6k to $3k sucks compared to longing $6k to $12k. The only benefit is you get much more bitcoin, if you consider that a benefit. 

It is in general why people don't like to short/sell 
Ah.. Thank you.  Thought I was losing it.
Can you get a bitcoin debit card maybe?
LOL!
Thanks for the humor at the expense of your honesty. It has brought us all a laugh.
A fractal from the larger drop. 

* From 276$ to 1594$ you have 2 stops on the way. 
* Then from 1594$ to 360$ you have again 2 stops.
* from 360$ to 830$ again two stops, these being smaller since the scale is also smaller.
* From 830$ to now you have 1 stop and where we are seems to be the 2nd stop. So if the pattern is maintained (and it would need a break down from 540 to confirm it) i would put my money on a short below 540

This is only a scenario on which BTC has low volume and has no clear direction. In such case ETH can influence BTC. If BTC has a trend defined by then then only the ETHBTC ratio should suffer.
Either way, ETH should decide in a day or two as support and resistance (as i've drawn them) will meet.

If it gets there and with BTC in the 6k or lower everyone will be calling for Goblin Town.
Will you pull the trigger then? We've been there before and very few had the balls to do it....
Just guessing based on what happened during the drop from ATH. Not saying it will go there in one move without bounces. It's still a theory and not putting my money behind it until (if) it drops to the support line again.
That's magic mike. 
Respect yourself.

Not convinced by this move. My latest add is like 1% underwater which is irritating since it was somewhat large. But I also haven't seen anything convincing enough to get me to close it yet. 

*i* don't really see it as more bullish- the market (sentiment and premiums) does. 

If I was trying to distribute here I'd establish fake support by buying up every dip and letting people sell into my walls right under a HVN ($7850, also the almost exact middle of our range/triangle). 

Market only sees us going sideways/up, sees mostly green while going sideways and sits happy and content thinking it's going up. 

But for all the green buys someone has been offloading here. 
Maybe "patient" is a better word than spooked. I'm just looking for the best possible price for my next buy. That might be now. Wouldn't be the first time I was waiting for a little dip just before a huge run up. Thankfully, still riding a little long from yesterday which is slightly red at the moment just in case things do burst upward soon.
You could be right. My experience usually is that the longer it go’s sideways and gets rejected back down something nasty is going to happen. But I could be a blind bear  
Disagree about LTC. It has an old, trustworthy, decentralized blockchain and is a great coin for actual use -- almost as secure as Bitcoin but much faster and cheaper. Also has an active development and user community and is LN-ready. I trust it 1000x more than ETH or any shitcoin.

And are these guys really saying BTC is weak? You can disregard everything else they have to say because that's straight-up dumb. BTC has stood the test of time, outlasted and outperformed a great number of shitcoins. 

The only coins I like, personally, are BTC, LTC and DASH (great privacy coin that has also been around the block and has some unique features).
Oh, no no no!
LTC is the only other coin besides bitcoin that has ASICs, and for that reason alone it probably has more staying power than any other alt.
Such as? The only coin that has taken LTC is EOS, and that's pure hype.

Trading volume and market cap is mostly speculative and all of them end up lagging behind over time (Tron, cardano, neo etc), the only coin with wider adoption merchant-wise than LTC is BTC, that's the thruth.
If you bought at the bottom and sold at the top, they did. If you held from the top until now, Bitcoin's doing a helluva lot better than most other cryptos are right now. 
Well then it's like writing about star/zodiac signs. Be vague enough so people apply what they want. I gained absolutely nothing reading that.
Good time to start reading The Expanse series. Really fun read. I just started book 6.
Good point. =/
money flow index

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Money_flow_index
Interest is at an all time high as far as institutions and big players (firms and exchanges) and that’s all that really matters at this point. 
"Welcome to another episode of Savage Cash!" Have to agree with you, it's just people shilling 'Guaranteed' 5/10x's
You got mad reports. Would have seen it anyway.

Given the torrent of subhuman quality shit posts I saw yesterday, this is practically an academic paper on shilling.
[deleted]
I hope I didn't come off too dickish with that post by the way. Our outlook on this space is pretty much the polar opposite these days, but you're one of the few bears I actually like and respect, even though that's probably pretty hard to get from my recent replies to you as I tend to come off more rude than I'd like when I disagree with people on the interwebz. :(

It was pretty easy to get carried away in the moneyprinting rush back there anyway, can't really fault anyone for that eh. 
I don't remember Sloppy the bull, you should put on your horns and give us a good bull-case post, just for funnsie's. To the moon! 
'Everything is possible' is the lamest cop out ever and should never be used as an argument to defend a point. If your only explanation for a prediction is that 'anything could happen', the prediction is entirely worthless. 
I think post author meant correction from FOMO gain, not the price itself. $1000 is ridiculous. 
Too pessimistic. Let's say 1300, after all we never closed that gap
By definition it will end well for somebody long or short. 
i admire the size of ur cojones friend hope it works out for u
It's the pets.com of blockchain.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pets.com
Buy the rumour, sell the news.
Yes, and judging by the values paid all the bugs were critical. That from a company that holds 1 million eth is something to worry about 
But they’ve been fixed. There wasn’t a deadline for mainnet, it’s up to the community to sort that out and do it themselves.

You can short it on bitmex though. 😉
I also don't understand why you are being downvoted. Bitcoin is not an island, it is strongly connected to the major alts. At least in the short term.

If you want to understand the Bitcoin price, you'll need to watch the alts as well.
Because there is absolutely no reason to believe it will. You are just hoping and praying that your short will make you a ton of money. If Bitcoin went to 4K it would completely destroy confidence in the market for any normal person and therefor likely be the end of "mass adoption" hopes.
I bought all of my BTC at $120.

What a ridiculous person you are. Me saying that it wont go to $4K somehow means I hope it goes up to 1000000X because I bought in so late even though I made NO mention of anything of the sort.

What an incredible straw man. 
The one where the price has tried to go under $6000 3 times already now? 
Dip for gnats 
Just put it in the freezer until then! 
We will put it in the fridge. Since its probably not gonna reach 15k by June, we will keep it as collateral
I am not convinced of that.  I have actually listened to the man talk in many interviews and public speeches and he’s not a bad orator and makes reasonable points.   Don’t just blindly believe the memes. 
June 47th
He should have just said it will be 15k in June or July.  

Anyway who cares?  He will be proven right or wrong shortly. 
>Based on TA

Hmmm

>and foresight.

Oh no, he's retarded :(
So like did you mean *EXACTLY* 25 minutes? Or is like give or take a few.
12 mins left? 
You know what's fun about people like you? If you're right you'll never shut up about it as if you actually had some insight, and if you're wrong we'll never hear from you again.

I’m short but damnit show some TA if you want us to take you seriously
I would normally agree but I've been saying that exact thing the past 3 times. Just because it's expected doesn't mean anything. 
Ripple the company doesn't even technically own the network behind Ripple the token, why the fuck would they have an obligation to pay interest? Heck, most shares nowadays pay no dividend or interest of any sort, what are you smoking dude.
[deleted]
*bitconeeeeeeeeect*
I'm just guessing but I would imagine it's because HFT bots have to be extremely complicated to be profitable. Something as simple as

    amendLimitOrder(ask - 0.01, MAX_BTC); 

would not be profitable lol
Very similar to what Sloppy says; it's brain dead simple. This is something that a first year coder would be able to write, but in order for HFT bots to remain profitable, the algorithm I imagine would be far more complicated than this, which is why its simplicity is laughably stupid.
I was going to suggest that might not be enough time and then I realized that it's June.
I will be messaging you on [**2018-12-07 13:58:19 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2018-12-07 13:58:19 UTC To Local Time) to remind you of [**this link.**](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8p79tb/daily_discussion_thursday_june_07_2018/)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=[https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8p79tb/daily_discussion_thursday_june_07_2018/]%0A%0ARemindMe!  6 months) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete Comment&message=Delete! e09nax4)

_____

|[^(FAQs)](http://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/)|[^(Custom)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=[LINK INSIDE SQUARE BRACKETS else default to FAQs]%0A%0ANOTE: Don't forget to add the time options after the command.%0A%0ARemindMe!)|[^(Your Reminders)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List Of Reminders&message=MyReminders!)|[^(Feedback)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBotWrangler&subject=Feedback)|[^(Code)](https://github.com/SIlver--/remindmebot-reddit)|[^(Browser Extensions)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions/)
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
I reminded myself too. This is gonna be interesting :) 

(I didnt downvote you)
I'm torn if we need Uncle Sam cleaning up the mess or if people just need to do more research into what they're throwing money at, I see both sides.
Yup. Short here with stops above 7850, long when this breaks a bit down, hold both until this plays out ;-)

Almost did this with 7.2 long and 7.6 short but was stupid to set stops for long at 7350 to secure profits :-\
You sound like the type of fellow who trades bitcoin profitably.
Well I hope its a good plan then, given you trade less frequently, this could turn out to be good for you. The only downside I see is too much waiting on the sidelines and missing potential gains. But if this is what suits you, then perhaps this is the best thing to do. 
I don't even like EOS but people like you have been saying this same exact stuff about ETH since before it broke 100 bucks for the first time and then again when it fell under 200 and look how that went.
I'ts been in an uptrend for 3 months or something, being 3-4$ in March. Thee focus on centralization might also actually solve real scaling problems because they are not fundamentalists

But good luck
So much bullshit in one post. Lmao
Ahahahah damn some people are really delusional 
For the same reasons I bought BTC in 2014, and then ETH.
Coinbase getting Bank license is good because they can ficus on propelling their own mission. Any other fiat partner bank most likely has conflict of interest and/or a legacy income stream they cant risk in unclear regulatory environment 
I agree with your point about Coinbase becoming more like a traditional financial instution and the irony of that. However, there is one key difference here in that bitcoin has a limited supply, unlike fiat. With fiat, the Federal Reserve and similar institutions  can just print more which imo screws us regular joe's and only benefits those institutions. So yeah I think returning to a limited supply currency is something to strive for and regulations don't necessarily entail  BTC becoming a fiat impersonator 
strated off noble and turned into gamblecoin and ponzicoin.

It's true though. Crypto crowds heavily over estimate the popularity of crypto. I personally don't know anyone in my near circles who trades or owns crypto. 

Also, regarding the motivations of crypto people: When I learned about BTC in late 2012, it was about remittance, payments, world currency and the implications. It got me hooked before I witnessed any bull run. Took a break and came back last year before the Q4 rally and it was all about "store of value" and BTC not trying to be a currency anymore. People only care about the profits. 

And you ignored my remark about derivatives trading volume rising while spot exchanges are drying up. Any comment on that?
I feel compelled to point that out whenever someone compares balls to toughness and pussy to weakness.
This is so true.
9 out of 10 times I do not add the stops at all to my positions, which has proved quite beneficial to me. 
I too noticed that a lot of the  posters from last month are gone, presumably trapped in their longs from the 8k\-9k range. In retrospect, it really did look like we were about to breach 10k not too long ago.

A recovery now back to the 8k\-9k range just seems too.......easy?
It's the father's day wall street bonuses lunar new year lent and easter rock and roll!
I'm sorry but Coinbase, Nasdaq, NYSE, etc. aren't all opening up crypto desks, getting broker licenses etc., starting custodian services for nothing.  If it makes you feel comfortable sticking your head in the sand to ignore it, that's your prerogative, but it ignores reality in my opinion.
isn't it if we break up from the symmetrical triangle then the target is 14k? 

anyway this ih&s has a technical target of 8.5 or so

Ah, my eyes weren't tracking that. 
Being out of leverage when the market moves up isn't so bad. You're still gaining value even if you're not gaining BTC. I'm happy to wait for my lower entry target or until it clearly breaks up. 
I keep hearing BBands are tightest since in a very long time.

How fucking far where they a long time ago, because it seems everyday it gets tighter and tighter?
I use 10% of my stack on that trade, so 10% of a normal loss counts.

Yeah, I know, I simplified this sentence too much. I meant that $150 move against me will end up with $15 loss per BTC that I normally trade with.

Or something like that. You know what I mean. I'm tired :-(
ok yes sure, thanks! and good luck
isn't 1x leverage using only your own bitcoin?
Hate small entries. If this goes my way I'll be pissed that I didn't bet more.

But I decided I'm gonna start betting on my gut feelings with 10% of the stack. Just noticed that this feeling is getting a lot better and want to check it out with numbers.
Yea i mean I totally agree. I don't see why anyone really talks about this. It's just used as a trading token...why do we need blockchain for that 
So... what's your age?? 14 -15?

Don't worry about me Mister... been in BTC since 600$. And have since then till I die .. Holiday. 

I assume the weak hands are out because the massive panic selling we had on the last months and the low volume obviously, manipulative traders are being shaken off by regulations and hype is relative but I generally feel positive. TA is not the only way to see market and most of them are picture shit posts just as mine but expressed differently 
They look cool 
To spread FUD to suit their short positions. 
Did you miss the sarcasm tag? :)
The buying of that drop was pretty tenacious. I'm pissed I missed a June futures entry under 7700 at this point. Oh well. 

There's no reason bitcoin should go up right now, but I'm not going to stand in its way. 
Thanks! I'm obviously biased here since I'm short
[deleted]
"Someday historians will analyze Internet discussions and see that what I am saying is accurate"

You are not some wise oracle who knows it all, so please stop trying to position yourself as one.

You have a 50% chance of being correct.
Great point.  Even during the hype in December, only a small percentage of people took the plunge.  We have a lot of room for growth, and compared to back then, the hype is nothing.  It was all dotcom all the time back then, lasting a couple years.
Apples and oranges, man. You're comparing two completely different asset classes.
>There were exceptions. DIY comission free brokerages didn't exist in 1999 so things were a bit more tedious. 

Trades cost about $10 through E-Trade, Datek, and Ameritrade in the mid 90s if I recall correctly. Not quite RobinHood free, but I wouldn't call it much of a barrier to entry. 
? 
~~15k = +95% 3k = -62%~~

Edit: am stupid.
Yeah all in all still a very difficult zone right here. Think we’ll be seeing more boredom for another couple of days/weeks before making a move. 

But I’m definitely not shorting a break below the triangle as I think a bounce might prove violent. 
I won't try convince you that my jokes aren't that elaborate. Glad some people got a chuckle out of it :)
Good point. Depending on how we get there but if we go 6K or lower no I will probably not be rushing to buy back BTC. 
Oh I know, I was just adding to what you said. With regards to fibonacci pivots points, S1 for the daily is right around 505 which is also where our current rise started. That's my reasoning for watching it anyways. 

540 was also tested and acted as support with our current run so I'll be keeping an eye on that as well.
Seems to be playing out now
How am i suppose to respect myself when i know im no different from a headless penguin when it comes to trading bitcorn!?!?!?
So a word on the bitmex premium, why are futures traders so seemingly stupid on there? They were wrong most of the way up since early April, only to start outbidding themselves at the 9900 top, is it only amateurs trading the bitmex futures? OR is there an instrument that allows the pros to make money on the inverse of the bitmex future performance so they actually make money appearing "wrong"?
Yup. LTC is a great coin. I've paid for a lot of stuff using it.
BCH, hands down. Integrated with most (all?) payment processors, etc. Has captured almost all use cases BTC had up to last year with a few notable exceptions some of which are being worked on (e.g. purse)
Still working through demagoguery and democracy, one thing at a time sir. 
You seem to be a pretty avid reader and well versed on a plethora of subjects. I don’t read but definitely would like to start.

Any book suggestions you can throw at me?
Got it, Thank you.
> You got mad reports. Would have seen it anyway.

Lol, the nerve of some people. 

>Given the torrent of subhuman quality shit posts I saw yesterday, this is practically an academic paper on shilling.

Yesterday and everyday. 

For my own part, I literally have an evolving cohort that follows me around now. I've apparently been a little too harsh on a coin or two. I
Yeah so far I have done the opposite, it'd do well to do what you do. Right now we're kind of in no man's land- prices are still high compared to early 2017 but very low compared to end of 2017...So both types of subs are active. 


Nah man, you're really cool, and anyone who helps keep me in check is a friend in my book.

sorry I didn't respond yet, but I definitely read all of your comment and have been thinking about it all day. You're right, and as we can clearly see I have a tendency to err on being on the extreme side of things. 

I used to think you were a bit more cold actually but you've been pretty nice to me despite me being fairly elitist and "lol buttcoin" lately. 

So yeah, thanks and I appreciate it. 

Staying objective and unemotional is key and it's hard to find people who can help you do that without things getting heated. 

You're right that it's unfair to completely write off people's interest in finding value in these things and there's a healthier way of me expressing my doubts and skepticism. I could also spare some of my ample time I spend on here to do some research into alts and stuff too, so I will work on that. 
I've been considering doing this just for fun and to keep myself on my A game. 

I was going to do it the other day but never did. There are definitely a few things to be bullish about. 
What prediction am I explaining? Sorry you lost me there. I'm just saying that trying to predict the price is a waste of time.   
Edit: are you talking about the 3 examples? 
every one of those could close at a loss actually 
LOL .. this presents an interesting side\-bet opportunity .. does EOS survive longer than [Pets.com](https://Pets.com) which was 268 days from close of the IPO to liquidation? 

There's not an equivalent to liquidation for EOS, but basically would mean the abandonment of the project by devs, community, etc...

I think i'd take 'Under' 268 days
Lot of maximalists in this sub, probably butthurt about bitcoin sulking while some other coins have a party (without bitcoin's permission! How cavalier.)
[removed]
[removed]
I apologize for not putting a /s.

My comment was building a strawman to show that you were building a strawman. I am trying to describe what I see in the market and you say I am hoping about a short.
And? That's not a triple bottom. 
I'll post screenshots of my liquidation if im wrong and we go above 7800
We shall see soon enough.
Brilliant research, thanks for the response :)

> that once any of his orders start receiving fills he immediately cancels his order and resets his queue position.

Now I wonder, at which point do regulators become unhappy with behavior like this as potentially being spoofing. Probably depends on when they decide to start regulating crypto exchanges as much as they do the traditional markets (even simple things like NBBO rules).
No, I meant why laugh at robots?

Actually, I meant what is he pointing to in the chart that's unusual?
Agreed. A better programmed bot would at the very least add 1 cent to the highest bid, rather than subtracting 1 cent from the lowest ask. That's the joke.

Lets add this here to make things more interesting in 6 months \- [https://www.tradingview.com/x/m8WSQY3M/](https://www.tradingview.com/x/m8WSQY3M/)
Uncle Sam just needs to give a few projects a love tap by way of warrants and jail time. The market will handle the rest.
Ha well I'm also sorta new at this compared to the pros here so I've been kinda cautious and kept my positions pretty small so far. I'm in the green but not by much 
You're right I could be missing out by staying on the sides, but i try not to stress too much about potential gains or a few missed trades and would rather wait for clearer signal 
Yes look where it went. ETHBTC hit it's ATH of 0.15 exactly once and well over a year ago, it has yet to return there. Since then it went as far as to drop 80% down to 0.03. It's sitting sub 0.08 as we speak.

And EOS doesn't even have anything on ETH, much less on bitcoin. 
Eth was eth. It had first\-mover advantage and there wasn't anything like it before, and there wasn't hundreds of other bullshit coins when eth was starting to get recognition. 

Honestly I haven't even looked into EOS, but this is like the fifth project I've heard being referred to as 'the next ethereum', and I can tell you right now, it won't be.
Often things do not work for the 3rd time. ETH was #2.
Why does a centralized token have value? I have yet to hear why EOS is supposed to be valuable.
Lol, you think EOS is a valuable project? Where exactly does its value come from? What do the tokens even do and why do they have value beyond the network value? 

If you can answer these questions then I'll start to believe the EOS isn't doomed to go to zero.


What would the conflict of interest be? 
Ok, I don't mean to be confrontational towards you or anything, I suppose I'm just annoyed at the preponderance of the 'I don't care about the tech just give me the money' attitude that seems to permeate amongst the enthusiasts nowadays. Frankly as a rather late entrant to this, I'd be lying to say if I wasn't jelly of your early involvement, and I'm not even speaking in terms of the profit potential. I often reproach myself that I wasn't studying this earlier, that  I wasn't a fly on the wall in the early bitcointalk forums.

 Man, to see something truly revolutionary and epochal play out, even if in the end it stabilizes btc at 3k (not saying i think it will or am rooting for it) but achieves full disruptive adoption might be worth the price of admission to my cold hodl stack! 

I do not disagree on the tail that wags the dog phenomena with regards to derivatives volume vis a vis spot currently. But this is a fairly recent affair. Four decades and some after the CBOE standardizing these things. Which in itself was years after these things were originally conceptualized and exchanged.

I just think we are too early on in the game to be this jaded! Again not in terms of multiplier potential but where the tech stands.

\-best
Yeah I don't get why people think this is just going to bounce off the same line over and over and over again. I don't know any long term line bitcoin has bounced off of or been rejected from more than 3 times. 

No one really notes it lately but there's about 8,000 trapped longs from $8k+. unless they all sold off...but I imagine there's quite a few trapped. I think 8,000 longs opened above $8.8k. 

Maybe even more, I can't remember. 

That's the problem with no volume down low + a short squeeze. No one opens their positions low and they all open high, when it fails to break through there's a ton of trapped longs because there wasn't any real accumulation down low and all the shorts have been squeezed.

On the other hand, high volume up top means there's an exorbitant amount of longs way underwater if it moves down. 


100x LONG BABY
Didn't NYSE list all the dotcom companies though...? 
Not if there's leverage. There's no fiat in MEX, so being out of position is basically just using your own bitcoin to long. 

1x short is basically selling to fiat without being able to do so. 
If ETH goes below 595 i'm joining you in a short. Also small that this range is still dangerous
[This might be of interest to your position](https://imgur.com/a/E4KdL0E)

Since it's a downward channel it goes in your favor but its resistance anyway
No I am learning, now I know lol. Was about to ask. Cheers.
There is still a lot of selling below 7.8. the inability to push up to the top of our big triangle doesn't make me missing a long.
I admit my bias, but it seems others just don't..
My condolences.
Do you have an exit plan?
I have a flair for paradox.
I know I'm not some wise Oracle, and I've made some bad calls.  

What I mean about Internet discussion boards is that you will see a majority of people hyping the stuff that's about to tank and mocking the stuff that's about to moon.  Nothing about me personally, though I do tend to be the contrarian in these discussions.
I think the dotcom-bubble and related mania is very much comparable to what we saw happen (at the end) of last year and the consequences of that mania early this year. Nevermind asset classes but in both cases we're talking "revolutionary" tech and again in both cases a dire need for creative destruction before the market can move on. 
This is correct. Irrational exuberance was around for years, and ads for flat fee trade self service brokerages were everywhere. It was embarrassing.
?! where you getting 95%?

$3750 to $7k is 200%. $7.5k to $15k is 200%. same % 

Only in the short case you don't get double fiat, you get more BTC...
Sorry, of BTC growth. 

7600 > 15000 1x long = 0.5 BTC gain  
7600 > 3000 1x short = 1.53 BTC gain  

But I probably approach this quite a bit differently than most people would. Or the logical way. 
Maybe a couple of days instead of weeks , eventually the range will be so narrow anybody trading will just be getting pennies. Once people can't make money off this zone anymore, then we will finally move 
Like they say, where there is blood on the streets, BUY!
They just don't say that you should do it unleveraged and be willing to wait years if needed.

A 5X long from 360 to 720 (not going even higher than that) could get you 10x your stack in just one month (could be sooner but normally you would only sell when it started to fall so you would hold through 800 and sell after)

But it could also liquidate you just under 290, so it's a pretty big risk.
You had the levels on spot, too bad i chickened out. Took profits @570, 550 and closed @535

Then went stupid and shorted 518... Will probably close it for a loss because i'm afraid this can bounce higher than i feel comfortably holding underwater.

Stops between 524 and 531... Will watch this a bit more before setting them and going to sleep.


Chad was saying they basically follow OKex. I didn't know that - so maybe it's OKex. But either way check out bitmex trollbox and you'll see how intelligent the average bitmex user is. Half of them don't even know that unhedged coins are exposed to depreciation during downtrends. 

But I also think part of it is that futures market makers are possibly just smarter than takers. Of makers can take advantage of the naivete and exuberance of futures taker traders, they can let them buy the top even higher and sell the bottom even lower. 

Makers are really the ones who determine the price, what with the low liquidity on there too

the simpler answer is that bitmex is full of overleveraged noobs that like to buy the top and sell the bottom with irrational exuberance. 

Remember bitmex volume exploded in February after $6k. Lots and lots of new traders 
It's a stupid argument so this will be my last message.

LTC has almost twice as many tx as BCH at the moment, just sayin
This is a touch lighter than that.
Read fun stuff. If you want to read more, ignore things that don't immediately grab your interest. You're not developing a discipline, you're developing a habbit.

Ready Player One was a super fun read. 

Try audio books, too. Don't listen to people who say that doesn't count. They're just assholes. Try to read a book while you drive. It doesn't work well. I rear-ended a senator in Idaho doing that once. 

Whispersync for Kindle is a real game changer.

Anything by John Scalzi and read by Will Wheaton will hold your attention.
I would not like to think that someone would tell someone else he has a plethora, and then find out that that person has no idea what it means to have a plethora.
I always do 1 audiobook, 1 physical book, and 1 kindle e-book concurrently. Audiobook is nearly always a biography or advice-type book (easier to pay attention to while walking). Physical book generally business-esque that I can mark pages and take notes in. Kindle e-book is generally a random fun read across any subject. 

Been doing it about 3 years now and it has changed my life.
what do you like?  i'm currently rereading/listening to the culture series...can't recommend that enough.  start with the player of games.
It's a sign of a juvenile market. Consolidation into a few viable and sustainable projects is going to take time. It will subside.
Do it. Give Buffet and Dimon a warm glass of shut the hell up. 
Good to hear that mate!
Yes there is a probability of the above, though it would be very cranky if it happens.

On the other hand, do you think I can do this for the third time? :p I am fully prepared this time. hehe.
True story.
i think more tho, our market cap is still small compare to the dotcom bubble, plus they raised a shit ton so they could probably keep going, it's crazy how people would just give up their btc/eth for eos lmao
Well, I'm a maximalist as well. That doesn't mean that I close my eyes from reality.

I believe most alts will fail eventually, but right now they have an impact on the Bitcoin price. That is the reality.
Rule 1: Let's not gang up on people.
I'm actually from the same boat. There are companies investing millions/billions via getting into setting up cryptoexchanges. They need retail investors to succeed. Not just crypto OGs who got in 2010-2016 (I consider people who got in during the 2016 bear market OGs) who understand the game. Financial astute people will understand bubble cycles but average Joe's won't touch something that went from $20K to under $4K in 1/2 year. Judging by sentiment amongst my friends/colleagues who have never invested into crypto, most are already skeptical so any further price drop could really put us in a bear market for months/years. The MM manipulate the prices and I don't see them playing with fire much longer. Do I think ATH this year? No. I think volatility will begin to diminish but we will go in an upward trends sooner than later. Of course the opposite can be said and the MM have a longer time horizon and will manipulate prices much lower to get more BTC but I just don't see it. 

Source: My brain, gut and ass
"The Market" is made out of people. You dont seem to have any idea what you are talking about.

Is it possible that it goes to $4K or even $0? Sure. Is there an actual reason to hold these beliefs or is it pure hopes and dreams? Posting about high low or how high its going to be based on absolutely nothing at equally ridiculous and should be treated as such.
Rule 1, let's not make things personal.
Haha okay I’m a noob then 
Bro I am short too but I am still opening up the possibility of a fakeout to 7850 or even 8100. After 8100 is my SL. Careful
You'll get money if we go down upvotes if we go up..can't lose 
[deleted]
> No, I meant why laugh at robots?
> 
> 

I believe he's laughing at the person who developed the robot, not the robot itself
well said. I’d be curious to look into the alt thread for projects you see fulfilling a need alongside BTC that would pass the security requirements, or lack thereof in this case. 
Actually, I think that the market will handle alts market by flowing all existing capital to security tokens instead. There may not be an alt bear market, unless BitMEX BTC/Stocks options is rlly successful and overshadow security tokens. I rather SEC not step in, unless it is like Centra or Bitconnect for example.
> i try not to stress too much about potential gains or a few missed trades

I think this is the most important part. Decision making becomes very bad under stress.

I also like to keep the frequency of my trades low for the above reason.
Except people were predicting it would 'crash and burn' long before its ATH of 0.15, pretty much all the way from 0.02 to 0.1+ and then that it'd crash back into single digit prices dollarwise on the way down from 0.15 to 0.05 -- yet here it is, trading at $600 a piece, which was seen as an absolutely moon-dream not all that long ago. 

I'm really not sure what you're trying to prove here, the numbers are very much against you. 
you could do ICOs on Mastercoin or Bitshares already since 2-3 years when ETH came if I remember correctly
You haven't even looked into the project but you already know what it is and isn't and are ready to pile on the shorts over at Bitmex? Yeah, that attitude will get you far in this market I'm sure...
Eth was great for ICO, but sucks at running dApps. EOS has 1Billion in funding. If the dApps on EOS run sucessivefully, EOS should do very well at least in the short term before it gets replaced by something else in a year or more.
Well I have not very deep knowledge in the economics of EOS, but if you hold it you get those airdrops at least. and you can vore for the block producers
LOL , you believe BTC is decentralized? You believe in Santa Clause too? What about mining centralization? It's being run by a couple Chinese guys LOL "DECENTRALIZATON"
EOS will rise like ETH did.
Well, look at all the statements from the big bank CEOs about crypto - it's clear they perceive it as a threat. This one here is from a Bank of America regulatory filing:

> "Clients may choose to conduct business with other market participants who engage in business or offer products in areas we deem speculative or risky, such as cryptocurrencies," the bank said. Such increased competition may "negatively affect our earnings" or affect "the willingness of our clients to do business with us."

Also, for anyone reading this daily, problems with fiat gateways have been an integral part of crypto for far too long, and although the situation has improved much, having such gateways firmly established and not being dependent on banks with their own conflicting interests (remember Bitfinex lost it's ability to bank in the USA this way) will add a lot to stability.


I appreciate the reply, thanks for taking your time.

Even though I'm quite cynical I still hope that BTC can reach its full potential (utility wise, I don't really give a crap about the price). But as of now, it doesn't look like it. I've been taking a long break from crypto and was surprised about the changes in the community. It has gotten more toxic it seems. But that's probably bound to happen when a community grows. It starts to attract different motivations and groups.
I tend to agree that the amount of margin longs (potentially under water) is a concern. Visualizing the situation... It also shows how bears got burned on the short\-squeeze 12\-4. 

Red mountain: shorts  
Green mountain: longs

[https://www.tradingview.com/x/3RRXdpIv/](https://www.tradingview.com/x/3RRXdpIv/)
Hey Sloppy,

What do you mean by the terms "down low" and "up top" ??
Do you simply mean red candle and green candle respectively?
Uh man I can only imagine the trapped longs from $8k. It took me more than 10 days to get out of my $8.2k long for minimum loss, that too had to be one with a lot of planning and precise timing..
200X Long and HODL you mean!
yea but how is 1x short using .1 of your BTC and .1 of the exchanges...  That would be 2x short wouldn't it? 
I still think this is a no trade zone so I don't even know what to do with this one.

We'll see...
Lol, which one? :-D

TBH, that was 'i have a feeling it'll drop soon' so I opened, was right it will, didn't think it'll bounce so fast. Proved my point, should close it now as I was right, but I'll just let it ride a while.
Might need to put a key in the side bar or do some css magic.
Lol fucks sake, you’re right. Am on holiday and clearly brains isn’t functioning. 
Yeah I was being retarded sorry. Am on holiday and been hitting the wine already 😂 shouldn’t be trying to contribute at all. 
Calling something a "Stupid argument" is not an argument... But if you're referring to the current number of TX argument then at least I agree, I guess. I'd rather have a car that can go 300km/h that I normally drive at 50 km/h than a car that reaches its top speed at 50km/h.
I just bought Demagoguery and Democracy. Looks interesting, thanks for the indirect recommendation. 
Cool!
i read a study somewhere that basically said there is no discernible advantage between reading and listening to a book for an adult.  the benefits are when your a kid first learning how to read.
Wtf kind of definition of plethora are you referring too 
Good recommendation. Player of Games is so good and so relevant.
Yeah most certainly. I'm just fascinated with the mentalities. A least one group seems to literally be a cult. Other groups are just deluded and some are just angry. But only one seems to be an actual cult. It's fascinating to see it play out in public online. 
You stated it can't possibly go to 4k. Of course it can.

You have no reason other than your 'belief' that it can't. I'm saying, that's bullshit. Of course it can go to 4k.
so you're saying then that the bear market is over with and done
Well, well, well. Another post from /u/The_OPs_Mommy, another rabbit hole of stuff to Google. Had a lot of fun reading about Rotter's exploits!

By God, I hope you keep writing!

(I'm a pretty seasoned software engineer, just getting into the maze of automated trading. There is a wealth of information out there, but it's hard to filter to something useful. Search for "trading algorithm" and you have a bunch of guys discussing MA crossovers. And this sub, of course, is full-on 24/7 "doods RSI is telling me we're going to the moon!" I do wish people didn't give so much magic significance to TA indicators. Still a lot of fun to watch, anyway :)

I'm not convinced one exists yet. We should be seeing projects that scale off chain without centralization out of the box. I'm not sure why I'd settle for less when those projects are bound to come online in the next 18 - 24 months.
SEC has already stepped in and has stated it will do more.
>Except people were predicting it would 'crash and burn' long before its ATH of 0.15

And a bunch of other people were predicting it was going to do a "flippening" and overtake BTC. As they had done before with XRP. And before that with DASH. And later again with XRP. And BCH. And ETH again. And BCH again. There might have been others, I've lost count.

It doesn't matter if ETHUSD hit 600 or 1k. ETHBTC has yet to get back to it's ATH which means in the same time period you would have had higher returns holding BTC. And that the flippening moontalk was as always just smoke.
I've seen time and time again that projects will get hyped up and shilled all over reddit/4chan/youtube/twitter and you hear people shout out its the next bitcoin/ethereum, and the price grows unsustainably and it gets listed on every exchange and people will think they've hit the jackpot, only for the hype to die out and it gets forgotten and those that jumped in late get caught holding the bags. 

Was EOS the one that funded billions in their ICO yet they still haven't released a working product? 

I never said I'm piling on shorts now. It sure as hell might double again from here, but there is no doubt its coming back down soon.
Lol, that doesn't mean anything EOS is prone to the same pitfalls of other centralized models. It's just another hyped up nothingburger from Dan Larimer. None of these nascent, niche utility projects should have valuations above a billion dollars. Their utility is actually probably measured in the hundreds of thousands, not 10+ billion. It's absurd and the world will wake up one day and dump it all. 
That's not a good comparison. ETH is overvalued and if these two are going to compete for smart contracts, then their respective values are going to be lower. This is the issue with utility coins, smart contracts will navigate to the lowest rent seeking project, so their valuations approach equilibrium with their network value. Unless they have store of value properties, but they don't. Bitcoin has much greater PoW security and immutability and a better economic model for SoV. EOS and ETH are both basically redundant shitcoins, bound for lower valuations.
Just mean our range, down low as in the bottom of the triangle, $6.5-7k and up to as in $9-10k.

Ton of shorts opened down low, short squeeze propped us up to $8k, slow disbelief rally to $9.6k. 

Drop to $8.7kish and the market is astounded it holds, so 8,000 longs open up at $8.7k+. They  don't realize they're longing the top, whoever bought down low distributes/sells off their coins, longs hold thru it, we keep dumping, longs start panicking and closing, causes liquidations and stop sells all the way down and now we're basically back where we started. 

Except it's likely we *still* have a lot of longs underwater since they're so difficult to squeeze but there are almost no shorts underwater anymore. at least not nearly as many as there are longs underwater

We just had 2k longs open up $7.6k+. If we fall here that's another 2k longs trapped

Market is becoming bullish again. Instead of bearish near the bottom (indicating waning sell pressure, since those who intended on selling have already  sold), bullish near the bottom means market has largely bought in and there's no one left to move it up barring some really good news and a bunch of new market participants.

I don't really think there are an overwhelming surge of new market participants lately so I'm of the opinion that path of least resistance is now down: bears and trapped longs will sell $8k+. I don't think nearly as many bulls who say they will buy $6-7k will actually do so. it will look bearish as fuck if we get there. so any movement upwards is doomed whereas downwards has plenty of room to liquidate underwater longs and overconfident longs + cold storage from the first half of 2017 that have never had their hands tested 

I mean really. Every single bear/potential seller has experienced $8-12k several times now. Nothing has changed, there's no reason to think we're going to the moon on a move up. 

A move down on the other hand would be potentially catastrophic. In terms of who's more likely to panic sell/panic buy, I'm putting the odds in favor of longs panic selling below $6k vs shorts/bears panic buying $8k+ 

I know damn well I'm not FOMOing in high, lol. if I do it'd be for a trade, not to hold. $12-13k+ and I'll change my mind but that's a FAR way up. We'd have to overcome significant amounts of selling pressure 

I just figure it'd be another fake out that inevitably fails to push higher, like lots of others will probably think. 
We'll never see 7639 again. 
When you're 1x long on Mex you're basically 2x long (1x of your own + 1x from exchange), when you're 1x short you're basically in fiat.
Intuitively yes. Actually no. /u/L14dy or /u/SloppySynapses can probably explain it better :P
It's confusing because on bitmex you set your position using contract sizes but everything is settled in btc. 

If you own 1 BTC at $10000 then you're long 1 BTC, even if you don't have an open position on bitmex.

If you short 1 BTC worth, so -10000 contracts on bitmex, you are effectively flat. Your bitcoin gains value when bitcoin moves up in price, but your position on bitmex means you lose bitcoin as the price goes up. Your bitcoin loses value when BTC moves down, but you gain more bitcoin.

If you're 2x short then you go -20000 contracts on bitmex. The first 10,000 is a hedge and the next 10,000 is an actual short. You not only protect your fiat value of btc from going down if price goes down but you make money off price going down. 

the confusing terminology is because 

1. bitmex is settled in btc, not fiat. so 1x short is flat and a 1x long position is 2x long 
2. people use a portion of their cold storage  to trade. they factor this into their trades. chew for example says he's 1x short but it's actually 10x short with 100% of his trading stack, which is 10% of his cold storage. 
3. people think leverage determines the size of the position. It has nothing to do with that- leverage determines liquidation price, I.e., exchanged-forced stops. contract # determines position size. The # of contracts is a % of your stack, which determines the 10% or 100% number. 
No doubt, it's already open so at least set stops @breakeven. If it's a small position taking profits wouldn't help anyway and would make it worse if it really drops :)

Good luck and hope you can take this to 7K :)
Css magic sounds more fun even though I have no idea what would that be lol.
lol don't sweat it. Sounds like you're being more productive there anyway
I meant argument as in discussion, we're never going to agree, so it's kind of pointless.

LTC fees are lower than BCH and tx confirm faster, there's a recent thread about it with several evidences and even BCH folks at /r/btc admitted it. I can PM it if you want.

Now I'm not going to continue this conversation here since we're talking about alts and that goes against the rules, but I have no problem debating this privately if you want.
the book club is happening, organized or not 
I agree with that, 100%, as far as books that you read for fun/enlightenment/general knowledge. Things start to change when you're talking about technical manuals and the like... but that kinda goes without saying.

I never understood the elitism around printed text. Who cares about the method a person uses to acquire knowledge or entertain themselves. Let people consume this stuff the way that workds best for them.

It's problematic if parents use that line of reasoning to avoid teaching their kid with dyslexia how to read. That's shit has to be worked on. Mad sympathy for kids with dyslexia. It's unfair that they're so young and have to learn to be so disciplined about something that's fun for everyone else. Fuck that shit. It isn't fair to the parents or the kids. Can't wait for nanobots to make that easier.
Sorry CG, just aging myself a bit. Three Amigos reference. Don't see plethora typed out often, cannot help but call back to that movie. 
Cliques happen. IMO there's usually a narcissist or boarderline personality that rules them. Their minions are too embarrassed to look in the mirror. Your best bet is to ignore them. Engagement just makes it worse. Wish there was more I could do.

You can always send mods details about this stuff. We'll miss it if it isn't pointed out. Don't make that stuff public, though. It just stirs up drama.
[removed]
I’m saying we don’t go under $6000
> It doesn't matter if ETHUSD hit 600 or 1k. ETHBTC has yet to get back to it's ATH which means in the same time period you would have had higher returns holding BTC.

In the very arbitrary time period of absolute top of ETHBTC until now, yeah. What's your point?
People think literally every coin is the next big thing. It's like religion, they all think their God is the one true God. 

Well, sorry. some of you have to be wrong, and no, I don't need to research it for 5 hours to know that you're very likely wrong

Simply by playing the odds, we can assume most alts will fail and their prices are only due to hype and naive investors, not actual fundamental strength 
Sounds like you're describing Bitcoin...
OK, you can think whatever but fact is more people do not think like you, making EOS a very good candidate for speculation since it's also very liquid and do not have crazy Bart or lightsaber patterns
I agree with you that it's overvalued (like any other coin), but "just another hyped up nothingburger from Dan Larimer" is simply not true. His two previous projects, Steem and Bitshares, account for more than 50% of all blockchain transactions and have more users than almost any other blockchain project.
I don't really care what people think about a coin. If it gives me huge profits like ETH did, I'll buy it low and sell it high. And I see that potential in EOS -  China loves it and is currently changing it's stance towards crypto.
They will/can not compete since ETH is aiming for decentralization and EOS not. I am thinking of them like Mysql vs oracleDB
One thing to remember. A lot of bfx longs are low lev. Bfx allows 3.3x lev, but a lot of people there use 'margin' to buy and hold up to 1x as it shows your pl ratio. That's why it's hard to shake them. You can shake over leveraged traders positions with stops below support. You can't shake swing traders that open longs for long term hold. You don't pay fees if you go on <1x margin position on bfx.
Awesome write-up!

"path of least resistance".. I really gotta finish reading that book :D

I always fall asleep halfway through
I kid you not, I went to grab a slice last night and saw a lambo. Almost logged on to bitmex right then and there and opened a long. 
I hate Mex for this. TBH I have no freaking idea how much profit or loss I'll have if I buy x contracts. You buy with your BTC an USD amount of BTC, you get your profits in BTC which is based on your BTC value and your liq point is magic :-P

I usually stick to green is good, red is bad ;-)
So when someone says there 1x short on here they actually mean they are 2x short on bitmex? Why not just say 2x short?

I get that if your 1x long on bitmex that your actually 2x long. 
Nah, stops above 7850.

I used to trade this way. Set a starting position before a break, if it goes bad it's a small loss, if it goes good I add on a break and have CA within a formation, so on a fake out I can exit at be.
LTC fees are NOT lower than BCH fees.  The opposite is true.  Why are you spreading misinformation?  


[https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactionfees\-bch\-ltc.html#3m](https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactionfees-bch-ltc.html#3m) 
All good. I’m in my 20’s and the reference went well over my head lol.  
I think mods are just a bit too lenient with covert shills. BCash shills have extra vectors to exploit in crypto because they can just play the ol' "BCash is the real Bitcoin" card, which they think is a trump card for some reason. 

There are a few regulars here that are constantly breaking rule 5, imo, but I don't know that mods care enough. If I were a mod (someday I will be), I would serve these people warnings and eventually perma-ban them. I can report the comments but unless mods are tracking who's who, in terms of shills, you will probably write off individual comments as not-that-bad. Personally, I think legitimizing BCash through passivity is as bad or worse than engaging with them. The issue with engagement is that it never ends because they talk in circles and don't accept facts.
[removed]
I hope for all of us that you're right...
Man, I generally like your posts / opinions (even if you tend to lean a bit too heavily towards bearish side and ignore potential bullish options a tad too much), but posts like this one above are pretty ridiculous. 

There's no 'people' who believe that 'literally every coin is the next big thing', and it's nothing like religion and one true gods. Yes, people pick and choose projects they 'believe' have the best odds of surviving and thriving long term, and yes, many of them will be wrong -- but so fucking what? It's the same thing as any technology / market in its infancy, nobody *knows* exactly what will happen and there are very few psychopaths who truly and genuinely *believe* they are absolutely correct and everyone else is stupid -- they're just investing into what they think is the most likely project to come out on top at the end of the day. You know who else was doing the same thing? People who invested during the dotcom bubble. Yeah, a lot of them ended up holding a bunch of pets.com garbage. But then a fair share ended up with Amazon and Google stocks. People like you claiming you don't need to research anything for hours to know that everyone else is wrong are ridiculous. Go buy some government bonds if this place is too speculative for you -- but trying to act all high and mighty and oh so smart because someone else actually *does* try to do some research and invest long-term according to fundamentals way in the early stage of what potentially could become the next Microsoft or the next Apple just makes you look like an asshole.

If you don't believe anything being developed in this space today *can* become the next Apple, that's fine -- but again, that's just like, your opinion, man. That doesn't make anyone who disagrees with you stupid or a fanatic. It's insane how people around here think all the 'shitcoins' and 'scam ICOs' are funded by teenagers with their lunch money without even doing any research into the space because 'you know better.' Fyi, majority of funds raised by ICOs nowadays come from VC funds and the likes, with individual investments of 100k+ USD. 

Sorry if this is a little too rude / ranty, but had to get this off my chest. The kind of posts here are a pretty big pet peeve. 
>Simply by playing the odds, we can assume most alts will fail and their prices are only due to hype and naive investors, not actual fundamental strength

Like all stocks basically , or most markets. Wall street will do what it always have and repat history etc
Haha, yeah, well put. It goes beyond the odds too. Some of these things literally don't have any value prop attached. I'm confused as to what EOS claims to do other than act yet another smart contracts platform. What is the actual value in *that*? I don't think people know and they don't care, they just expect hype to carry them to the lambo dealership. 

Meanwhile, Bitcoin is just trying to solve the simplest of use case of transferring value securely and without permission and it catches endless flak for being obsolete and "featureless".

Community is off its rocker.
Sorry, the correct answer was Mormon.

it's funny when people describe alts the same away "no coiners" describe bitcoin...it's like. Yes.. Exactly! 
Until till it's not a good buy. Eventually buyers stop buying and head for the exits. It's a tale as old as time. 

Invest in whatever you want but don't pretend like EOS has value if you can't explain its value prop.
Okay, but ignoring the economics of a coin in hopes that it will hype is foolish. Crypto-craze will end eventually and you'll want to be invested in the few good projects, not shitcoins like EOS.
Eth got most of its value from the ICO craze and its utility as a platform. ICO year was last year, we don't and we won't have nearly as many ICO's this year, we need to cleanse the market and condense into a few good ones, not create more shitcoins.
Doesn't China already have its own smart contract platform in NEO?
It doesn't really matter. ETH is hardly decentralized and is supposedly adopting a PoS model. Users will just pick the least rent-seeking project and the value of each will approach it's network cost/value, which is *much* lower than currency valuations for either coin. A big PoW coin is where the value is at, utility coins are just competing protocols. 

One PoW coin to rule them all. 
Right, even though I'm skeptical these longs are equivalent of cold storage for these people, I don't think they're prepared for a move down either way.

Move up? I think everyone has a plan if this moves up. Most of those plans are not to buy but to sell/short/wait. So there will be significant resistance.

I thought path of least resistance was up when we were sub $7k, now I think it's path is down. 

I just can't see significant upwards movement happening barring some incredible news and lots and lots of new money. There is not nearly enough hype, lots of the the space is defeated and depressed. People want to sell their bags and wait for lower prices. Old hands haven't capitulated, just new entrants are skeptical and sad. People want it to moon but are like "eh it might not though". imo that has a larger effect than people realize. 

Blow off top happened *because* everyone was euphoric and believed 100% in the run. No one who was buying had any doubt in the run. When that faith is shaken buyers don't wanna buy as voraciously anymore 

The foundation for another moon run has to be absolutely rock solid so that almost *no one* wants to sell and get out. that doesn't happen off a weak bounce with tiny ass volume with no capitulation wick getting rid of weak hands
For what it's worth, I feel that a lot of what I said will be nullified or at least neutered if alts capitulate. A funneling of money from shitty ICOs and useless altcoins into BTC would be great for BTC. 

I'm not sure that that's how it'd play out, but if alts do cash out, it will be through BTC/ETH and it will be potentially disastrous.
The tiny calculator icon above the buy/sell interface is your friend :P
If people say 1x short on Mex they're actually hedged on % of their trading stack.

My 1x 10% short is in fact 'i sold 10% of my BTC trading stack' or 'i hedged 10% of my BTC trading stack'.

Everyone having BTC is already on 1x long, so you don't have to say this. Trading in Mex needs you to have BTC there, so going long 1x on Mex is like going 2x long (cause your BTC is already long).

It's like using BTC as collateral on every other exchange.
Generally I'd assume anyone who says 1x short actually means 2x.. It just depends. Usually people say theyre hedged for 1x short. 

But you'd be surprised how many people leave their bitcoin unhedged and don't realize it's exposed to losing value that way. Those are generally the people who say 1x short when they mean 2x short. But some like chewy leave it unhedged most of the time 
How do you handle the barts?  What if someone sets a massive order in the wrong direction and blows right past your position?
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/8jnmd3/upgrade_complete/dz1oofv/

Boom roasted

For the record, 1sat/byte tx confirm in the next block in LTC, blocks are completely empty, so in crypto terms tx are equally inexpensive in both LTC and BCH, but in fiat terms are much cheaper in LTC, since 1 sat (or lite) is much cheaper in $ value due to the price of 1 BCH vs 1 LTC
This narrative about the rehtoric being used by shills isn't getting enough air time. The example you gave is the tip of the iceberg. I thought that as a mod I'd be able to expose the sentiment manipulation I saw. The reality was that it had already taken hold and I needed to wait for the irrational exuberance for these products to subside before the community would be willing to have me enforce the rules that written to protect them from this shitstorm.

Maybe by the end of the summer we'll start to see people come around.
Also, we do track who is who and what rules they break. We document with links, descriptions, date, and time. We only catch a fraction of what's actually going on that way... But the cream always rises eventually.

Warnings about rule 5 are far more common than bans. Most people don't realize they're breaking a rule when they do that.
Rule 1: Started taking this things off the rails here. Try to avoid making these arguments personal.
[removed]
Of course, like everything traded ever.

I do not  "invest" in cryptos except for maybe BTC and XMR long term since I actually use them, but I trade and speculate in everything that has a market. I do not care if something has a value or not as long you can do that and I get more BTC or something else in the process.
> you'll want to be invested in the few good projects

I am :)
You don't know what you're talking about. There was already more money raised by ICOs in the year to date than in all of 2017. And who the fuck are 'we' who need to 'cleanse the market'? Jesus Christ. 
ETH has "supposedly" , just like BTC, trying to adopt several solutions for years without anything happening. EOS  is more private and run as a business, so I think they have better success there
I agree. Just saying that longs from 8k+ can have stronger hands than the ones from <5k. Those who bought below 5k basically weren't tested. Those who bought at 8k know where they're gonna cut loses.
Wow, I have been trying to rationalize why I have continued to feel so bearish about this price action.  Thank you for this comment, it very much puts to words what I’ve been thinking of late.
> A funneling of money from shitty ICOs and useless altcoins into BTC would be great for BTC.

> it will be through BTC/ETH and it will be potentially disastrous.

Wait, cash out of alts would be good or disastrous? Can you dumb it down for me, the part where you said "through BTC"? 

I'm really better without this. When I traded to USD I was freaking out when I saw USD valuation of my loss. Seeing in BTC doesn't hurt so much :-P
On this one I don't care. But 99% of the time I set alarms with no stops.
Yeah there's only so much you can do anyhow. In the end, it doesn't really matter, it's not going to have a decisive effect on the natural outcomes but it's obnoxious in the interim and the volume seems to be constantly turned up to 11. 

If only market volume were turned up that high.
That's good because, as I said, some people are pretty covert and only an aggregate of comments would demonstrate the problem.
Rule 1 : Your rhetoric took this over the edge.
What else do you consider good projects and why?
Im talking about all of crypto in general, not your little shitty eth copycat coin. If you think all the coins in existence are going to strive hand\-in\-hand you need to wake up. Money will consolidate into the few that have actual use\-cases and solve a real problem. We don't need more platform coins. We don't need that crazy bullrush of shit little projects popping up again especially with the ICO crackdown.

There is no doubt eth's rise wasn't due to the ICO craze. 

Tell me, what brings value towards the EOS token, what drives its demand?
> EOS is more private and run as a business, so I think they have better success there

Maybe so but then why does the token have a speculative value? EOS will ultimately be subject to competition and clones. The issue with utility protocols is that they're competitive and interoperable. Add centralization on top of that and the whole thing looks like a wash. Who would hold something that has no established value?
Oh I see what you mean. Yes, that's very possible as well. I guess it depends on who sells first. :P if <$5k longs sell before $8k+ then we could have a situation where longs get a cascading liquidation run 
Hah no problem! Could totally be wrong, but I just can't shake the idea that that's how it'll work out
Sure, there's no fiat pairs for alts so everyone who wanted to buy alts bought ETH or BTC to buy alts. If they want to cash out of alts, they transfer to BTC or ETH and then sell those. So cashing out of alts would mean cashing out of BTC/ETH as well. 
I just like using it to calculate targets for BTC growth and to set profit stops if I want to retain X balance 
This sub is great, but it's just a microcosm. Every shill I bust because of my own bias will be replaced by 10 people who are probably a bigger pain in the ass. I'd rather go after people who are overtly abusive. Shills discredit themselves in the long run, just like everyone who has been advising people to sell the bottom or buy the top.
Those subtle rule breakers... I'm having an internal dialogue about that which isn't fully developed.
Dont do this to me bb
BTC and ETH. 
> Tell me, what brings value towards the EOS token, what drives its demand?

Why don't you go read the whitepaper, and then come back to me if you're actually interested in having a serious discussion? Honestly, if your time is too precious to make an *informed* opinion prior to making absolute statements such as above then mine sure as hell is too precious to spend it trying to explain things to someone who had already made up their mind before familiarizing themselves with the topic at hand. 
Because they hype it and people like to speculate, and they have some reverse inflation model with airdrops so people think "free money" or something I guess.

>Who would hold something that has no established value?

Ask the XRP , XVG and Bytecoin buyers :D
Yup, but I'd say it'll be other way around if it goes down. Those from up high will hold to last resort, when it'll fail they'll sell pushing the price down so that those who held from lower points will get scared.
Ohh, so you're saying **transfer of money** from shitty alts/ICOs to BTC would be good for BTC, but **cashing out of alts** would be disastrous for BTC.

Got it! Thanks
I trade differently, I look for good r/r and ride it without targets until I decide it's time to close.
Yeah that's understandable. Plus there's the aspiration to remain perceived as "censorship free", even though moderation =/= censorship. 

This place isn't nearly as infested as something like /r/CC but I'm cognizant of the cyclical drifting of certain communities into and out of this sub. Sometimes it seems pretty bad but then it subsides. 
Tar and feather?
huh?
Probably he doesn't even know how EOS'll work....
I don't have time to read whitepaper upon whitepaper all day. I ask the question about token demand because too many people base their assumptions of token value on whether or not the project is successful. They don't go hand in hand. Eth was successful because of the hundreds of ICOs that were hosted on the platform, which increased eth demand like crazy. 

Assuming EOS won't have this sort of demand through ICOs, what other mechanisms does the token have to drive demand. You don't have to answer me, but I'm happy to have a discussion about it, I won't be reading the whitepaper now though, so its up to you :)
Yeah that's what I meant! And that's what I think will cause a sell-off
Yes, if alts are regulated/treated as securities/the alt bubble truly pops, BTC may see lots of that money flow in. However, it's also possible the money just completely flows out of the market. Dunno which one it'll be
Well, yeah, but part of my r/r analysis (primarily for closing) is based on BTC growth targets. It's the final piece after other criteria, though. I try to trade emotionlessly, but there's a definite mental win involved from reaching a target. Personally, I've rarely regretted doing that, but I've often regretted not doing that :P
The censorship issue is a big deal. I believe my bias wins in a fair fight 10 out of 10 times. You can't say that censorship isn't a factor in any other Bitcoin sub.

I think people do see that people come here, claim to fight fair, and then don't fight fair.
Dont do this to me baby.... Giving me a Rule 1 violation. 
See, you actually don't know how EOS is supposed to work or what drives the demand for it -- yet consider yourself to be 'educated enough' to make claims like it's complete garbage and it's hype-only and it will crash and burn. That's ridiculous. 

Assuming EOS gets anywhere near the developer interest that ETH has, it *will* appreciate significantly more, due to their 'reverse ICO' model, where EOS token holders will receive airdrops from projects built on top of their network, while funding for those projects comes from the money already raised by Blockone. As much as I dislike Dan Larimer and their implementation of DPOS, their 'incentivization' system is very unique and quite ingenious. 
I got burned a lot of times when I set a target that it didn't reach and end up at a loss, so now I go with 'what the market is doing now' or 'if we go beyond this point then bounce back is my closing point'.
It's just a written warning. It's not like I'm calling the cops.
I never said it was complete garbage. I mean its been hyped and its growth has been crazy lately. It could potentially be very successful, but I've been around here long enough to know when something is overhyped and overvalued. I've seen it with the best projects, neo, powr, iota, nano.

They all go through their 'flavour of the month' stage while the price moons, and then after they consolidate, usually shedding over half of their value, while interest and hype dies down. Especially since EOS do not having a working product, and they received so much funding, this just proves how overhyped it is at this current stage, and this is why we will see a big correction once the market realises this.
Nano, NEO, and POWR are your go-to examples of the 'best' projects in this space? Dang, no wonder you're skeptical. 
Irrelevant...
