[Daily Discussion] Saturday, July 07, 2018 -- TITLE
#New post: [\[Daily Discussion\] Sunday, July 08, 2018 →](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8wyyub/daily_discussion_sunday_july_08_2018/)
PnF Update

Today we are setting up for a change.  We are in a new formation that is five columns wide.  We are coming up on a triple top after a double top which started the third week of June. 

Why is this important?

A triple top after a double top reflects the ongoing battle between longs and shirts and more often than not, this formation indicates that the battle is about to come to an end.  While we are in a negative trend, this is an optimistic formation because the bias tends to be on the up side.  

The formation is called a Bullish Catapult.  It is the most bullish formation in PnF charting.

Of course, a failure to launch here means that the breakdown could be spectacular.  So, we have that to look forward to as well.

The key days are tomorrow and Monday.  The numbers to look for are:

For an “explosive” break out, watch for the price around $6,700.  The breakout should go up to about $7,000 within a few days, and then over the next 60 days we could see a 30&#37; gain.   

If we see a price below $6,400 today, or $6,350 tomorrow, it could break.  If it breaks, it could get ugly.

I am not calling a long term bottom.  The price would have to go over $8,350 for that to happen.  But I am cautiously optimistic.

(For those about to say something snarky, be sure to understand that PnF charting is not for day trading, but rather for picking changes in momentum and seeing longer term trends.  Then go nuts!  Ha ha.)

\[Chart of the Day\]([https://imgur.com/a/zAxpOgN](https://imgur.com/a/zAxpOgN))

\[Introduction to PnF Charts\]([http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.php?id=chart\_school:chart\_analysis:pnf\_charts:pnf\_basics](http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.php?id=chart_school:chart_analysis:pnf_charts:pnf_basics))
This is really starting to look like a long term bottom to me. I've said that I would wait to the end of July and if we are above 6k by then I would believe this is the bottom and buy back in but I may not have to wait that long. Not going to buy into this massive pump, though. We'll probably still be in this 6k range a little bit longer, but, in order to reduce exposure to a potential breakdown of a bear flag but still be in the game if this thing does break out I think I'll start a 20-30 day daily DCA. If during that time we break 7k I'll put the rest in right there and if we break 6k I'll hodl what I have and keep the rest of the fiat waiting for the actual bottom.

On the TA side, volatility is still down, even that most recent pump is only 2%, which gives more credence to jarederaj's charts: low volatility means we're probably bottoming out. I also think the shorters feel that this is bottoming since nearly no new shorts have opened in the past month. Almost every pump *and* dump sees a decrease in shorts. The only problem I have is the number of longs rising. I mean, it makes sense to long the bottom, but with this number of longs open it puts a real limit on our upward potential. If it takes a month to get to 8.4k I can see a lot of them closing out, and if we fail to break a support turned resistance, that could put a damper on a bull run. 
Pay attention to the daily RSI. Bulls have been trying to breach through RSI 50 for almost a week already and finally broke through it today. 
Disclaimer: Still bullish. Still 100% crypto. No leverage involved. Still not trading, just charting and voicing perspective.


Since when did everyone decide that a slower movement up was a bearish thing? I swear, every time we see a BGD, the bears scream "not organic"! Well, to me this is what an organic climb back up to test resistance looks like. I don't question every huge selloff, so why should we question every huge buy over a short period of time? And then get scared during an accumulation period? 


-We are still above the 20D MA. 


-Market buys are increasing (up to 15.71% as of 7/6/18)^1.


-$6,400-$6,500 range (roughly the reversal point on 2/5 as well as on 4/6) is seemingly holding strongly.


-1W is beginning to paint a bullish narrative, still slightly oversold on RSI.


-More bullish news concerning regulation as well as institutional interest is coming out every day. Within the last 48 hours we have seen: 


-S. Korea legalize cryptocurrencies and blockchain industries and categorize exchanges as banks^2.


-Flow Traders NV (Europe’s largest trader of exchange-traded funds is moving into crypto)^3.


-A lot more in the last few weeks (see below). 


-All drops getting less volatile: slopes are getting flatter from highs to lows, potentially signaling an accumulation period. 


-Retracement of 71% from $20,000 (fuck I wish I sold here) to 5,800. Below the Fibonacci retracement of 76.8 but still substantial.



I mean fuck. Show me how much ***bad news*** has come out recently? You mean the ETF barriers to entry being lowered? Cause that happened. You mean the European Parliament putting out a report on cryptocurrencies stating "...thanks to their technological properties, their global transaction networks are relatively safe, transparent, and fast. This gives them good prospects for further development..."? Yes the EU also said they could be used for bad things, etc, but the point is that what more could we hope for?



All I know is I'm not going to be the guy who missed the start of the next bull run because I was afraid of putting my money where my mouth was. I'm not gonna be the guy who charted for months straight to be afraid to go long (and yes, I have been bearish for multiple K's, check my post history). This is not investment advice, this is simply my reasoning. Best of luck in life. 


***Long and strong***




^1 https://www.turtlebc.com/tools/buy_percentage?period=3years


^2 https://www.ccn.com/breaking-south-korea-is-officially-recognizing-crypto-exchanges-as-regulated-banks/


^3 https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-07-05/dutch-speed-trader-jumps-into-crypto-bets-spurned-by-regulator


^4 https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-sec-etf/us-securities-regulator-unveils-proposal-to-ease-etf-approvals-idUSKBN1JO2EV


^5 http://www.europarl.europa.eu/cmsdata/149900/CASE_FINAL%20publication.pdf



EDIT: Formatting 
I know it is not often very useful but I noticed the Trading View TA analysis thing switched to "Buy" for BTC.  I can't remember the last time it said that.
You know what, Bitcoin?!

You can just mess right off until you've made up your damned mind!

What is it gonna be?! 6599 or 6601?!
G'day guys, 
So I'm mainly a reader and scroller of Reddit. But during this bear market I feel as if I've matured alot due to reading this subreddit. Everyone's analysis, input and critical thinking over the past month in particular has been especially helpful. I even enjoy reading the comments of some of the crypto veterans when they come back outta the woods and comment. And the community they recognised them and gets around them.

I have to be honest, I think only this sort of communications come from bear markets. Everyone putting their head together and bringing rational scenarios to light. 

Which makes me nervous that if this is the beginning of a bull market, no matter how large or small. All the bitboys will flow back in. Flooding and diluting the sub with poor info and moonshot calls. 

In light of this I ask if we make a strong concious effort to upvote the comments that show that the poster has put serious effort and research into. Even if it may not even be aligned with your personal opinion.

Like I said I appreciate all your efforts and analysis and dont wanna miss a thing moving forward. 

Cheers
Kind of nice to see these [trigonometric bounces](https://www.tradingview.com/x/Z7qDN03r/) vs the last few months of Bart action. 
Well that's it everyone, bear market over. You can pack your stuff up and all go home now 
Got stopped out of my long yesterday at break even thanks to an overly enthusiastic Bitmex wick :/

Out of position for now, but this is starting to look like a consolidation/continuation pennant. 

[Trade the breakout](https://www.tradingview.com/x/rAy5J2iK/)
$6,800 seems to be pretty decent resistance. I'm thinking this bear div might play out if we can't breach it. Target to wash out the div is around $7,000 which I think is probable if $6,800 is taken down with conviction.

4h: https://imgur.com/0mY8x2g
Poll time and sentiment check in here: [https://strawpoll.com/cbb9ks3y](https://strawpoll.com/cbb9ks3y)
Not much of a contribution, but wanted to say thanks to everybody participating and giving their input in these daily threads. 

I've been seeing some quality posts / debates in the past few days, and that's not something you see a lot on most of the other crypto subs.

So... Thank you, all!
!long XBTUSD close 6582 

Closed my position at break even because this sideways horror show is not for me and anyway i think it was a bad entry point for a position. I’m gonna wait on the sidelines to see what in store next. 
I wonder if I've been forgetting to pay attention and missed something.  If you are playing the recent double bottom, then the technical target is reached. We are also at the resistance from the early April low and the last local high.  The 4hr RSI is also reaching the overbought territory.  Most important question to me is where is this thing going?  From the pattern on the upward movements, it doesn't look like the crowd that's buying.  I want to trust this, but can't shake the feeling that I'm about to get played, lol.
I genuinely hope for the price to go up, but there still seems to be lots of attrition up here and we still have to really break that 6800 resistance. If anything momentum looks pretty fatigued, or at least struggling. On the other side, as it was pointed out these days, sellers had the chance to push the price down multiple times but failed. Wondering if we're just going to range back? What makes you think this could be it right now?

Full disclaimer, went short at 6785 (sept futures), but I'll gladly cut it at a loss if it means we're really looking at an honest uptrend.
6800 does not want to go quiet into that good night.
I don't draw lines on charts or look at indicators, but it's starting to feel like a bottom, or perhaps one down leg away from it. If you zoom way out and look at the big picture - a 3 day or 1 week candle chart - you can see the decline flatten out. 

One thing that I found really interesting about 2015 was how long it took people to notice that bitcoin had stopped falling. Even in mid and late 2015 people were saying "bitcoin has been going down for almost 2 years" when the actual bottom had been at the start of the year, months earlier.
The classical 1 comment per hour.

You know what's next :)
God Bitcoin feels like gambling but feels so good when it does random shit. If you are young and have a stable job, you would have to be retarded not to put even 1&#37; of your networth in this shit.
Still rising but with barely any volume. Can someone unpack this?
Feel like I'm watching the movie warrior. We have ourselves a fight at 6750-6800!
bull flag forming? what has been the timeline of trend continuation flags lately?
6740 longers: https://imgur.com/a/tm3eV3u

ETA: bottom panel is bitifnex longs
https://www.newsbtc.com/2018/07/07/europes-largest-etf-trader-is-moving-to-crypto-sign-of-a-bitcoin-etf/

Gonna be a Billionaire soon!
This is more of a hedge than anything else. I’m still hopeful this will move up, but I’m worried since attempts at breaking $6800 have been getting weaker and alts have been dropping the past few days. I will likely add as it moves up towards $6800 with stop losses on a breakout, or close on a dip from here. I still doubt this drops past the $6100-$6300 range to form an IH&S, and I’m not even convinced it will drop from here. However, I just wanted to be on the safe side since I’m sure I can make up for my minor stop losses in case this breaks out.

!short xbtu18 6544.5 10x 5%
The "anticipated" head and shoulders pattern got completely fucked up lol.
400 BTC buy wall @ $6600 pulled when it was tested.

Edit: it was @ $6600
As a question are these GDs an attempt to mess with normal buyers or to try to mess with trading bots?  I understand the short covering part of it but I don’t really understand how the bot part works. 
I got stopped-out of around 70% of my position at 6550 a couple days ago for a small profit. Average buy price was in the 6300 range. 

I set a limit buy at 6525 this afternoon when the price was at 6525.50. Of course, this was right before the pump to 6800+ so I missed my fill. I'm still holding a small-ish position (around 30% of my trading stack) and will hopefully hit my sell target of 8000-8200. 

That said, we still haven't shown continuation after breaking 6800 for the 2nd time, and it's possible that this will end up as a fake-out. RSI was in the 70's during the peak of the rise, so that's something to keep in mind. Volume is almost identical to that of the pump from July 4th which pretty much went nowhere. 

Be #craefulgang.
For a breakout to the upside I'd keep an eye on ETHUSD. Over the past few days it seemed that each time ETH tested its two-month downtrend line it gets rejected hard with lower highs while BTC looks more bullish. A higher high and break of the downtrend on ETH might be an early signal for the BTC move. [Chart](https://www.tradingview.com/x/S0gA4af7/)
nice green candle. 


[The previous trend reversal.](https://m.imgur.com/a/xDxeth8)
closed my short just under 6600 on sept, that was a nail biter.

ETA: and re hedged over 6800
So I’ve got my first underwater position in a few weeks. I decided to add to my short on September Bitcoin futures at $6814. This breakout of the pennant was nice, but I remain unconvinced that we broke past resistance at $6800, since the peak on this pump only wicked into the $6800 range, about $40 higher than the July 4th peak, and we’ve already dropped back to the the low $6700 range.

This addition to my short was mostly to balance out my small losses. I’ll probably close it if it looks like we are winding up for a push past $6800, though I’d like to leave it open for a bit to get a feel for where this is headed before panic closing. After all, I still have 80% of my stack out of position.

Updated position already PM’d to PositionBot (short xbtu18 $6679 10x 20%).
Has anybody done an update on RSI and other momentum indicators today that they would like to post? I'm out traveling and on a phone long with a wide stop loss in case of catastrophic drop.
Damn last time volume was this low (gdax/CoinbasePro ~3k btc) was June 8th, sentiment feels the same as well 
Speaking of bull flags, can someone explain to me what causes bull flags in the chart? Is it because after a pump everyone is afraid to long the top then some rich dude (could be the same buyer that started the pump) gets impatient since it wont drop further and pulls the buy trigger just a little bit lower from the top?

I mean i googled what it looks like but it doesnt really explain why it happens, it only describes it. There has to be some reason this "bull flag" shows in every chart in different markets.
For the first time in a long time the price is creeping up slowly on the 15 min chart.
Still under resistance, volume still trending down. I'm hoping this wicks up to 6900 for a good entry, if not, i'll wait for weekly close and/or for it to start rolling over before shorting. Currently hedged from 6816.
Lmao fuck.

Closing my short now at 6800 on bitmex

Also entering a long at 6800 fuck it. Going to make it back. This move confirms the bottom for me. This fractal that I kept posting a while back is now in play again, I thought it failed because we didn't hit 5400 but it looks like we were so bullish we only managed to hit 5700. [https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/tlo0V1AE-BTC-Capitulation-still-ahead-potential-reversal-soon/](https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/tlo0V1AE-BTC-Capitulation-still-ahead-potential-reversal-soon/)
Pew pew 
https://www.tradingview.com/x/YkpqismM/

https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSDT/gENKt4Tg-Dump-it/

added short, bailing above 6880
I honestly feel like everyone is desperate to analyze this latest move to death to suit their narrative when to me it looks like nothing more than another one of those frustrating Barts. 
Perhaps this continued bear market has just made me an overly pessimistic cynical bastard and are we actually nearing the start of the 'this will just be another suckers rally' -phase on the wallstreet cheat sheet and that would certainly be welcome, but for now my money is on the former.
[https://imgur.com/gallery/EtR7GAr](https://imgur.com/gallery/EtR7GAr)

i compare the graph of **new user at blockchain.info** vs the **bitcoin price** and just saw the first positive trend-change in 2018.

normally i go to coinmarketcap in the hope of a dopamine kick seeing how bitcoin goes up.

when i do not get that (because bitcoin went into the wrong direction), i go to reddit to find at least a positive signal to get at least some dopamine. if you are in the same mood. hope this comparison gave you the same kick i got :-)
I'm noticing a bullish formation.
  
RIP shorts.  
  
Damn, I was about to buy 6550 earlier and got sidetracked cleaning...now I’m waiting on 6850ish.
[deleted]
what the heck just happened 
I'm still in my short from 7500 that I've been taking profit on during the dumps and adding at resistance. I've already taken 300% profit but since I've added to it so much my cost basis is now down to 6550 and the position is 3x larger than originally. 

I have been sweating like crazy the last few days, a breakout would likely be so quick that I won't be able to close and it would give me a huge loss or liquidate me above 7k.

I am not as confident as I was at 7500 that this will dump, but it is looking a little droopy right now. Gonna hold it for a while longer, I'm not sure what to do right now lol.

Edit: reason I'm not just auto-closing since I'm uncertain is because my requirements for a bottom haven't been met, still no capitulation and still a decline in volume. I feel like this bottom at 5700 is another half-hearted bottom and the bounces were shorts closing. So I am still expecting lower lows in the long run, but we might have a rally first and that's what I'm scared of, but my default bias is still bearish right now
I feel like we are missing a big part of the picture as to who the sellers have been in this market over the last seven months.  I've been looking at the demand from various sources of new liquidity like bitcoin atms and localbitcoins and those numbers are growing steadily every month.

Seven months is a long time and a significant portion of people that bought within the last five months are underwater.  I've been trading since near the peak of the bubble and I've managed to increase my crypto stack to 3x the amount it would have been if I had just held from where I initially purchased it at.  If I had not traded at all I would be down about 85 percent approx.

So the selling pressure is likely coming from people that need cash and can't wait any longer, people that are underwater and are sick of waiting, and possibly large holder's that are worried of an even larger drop that makes their hefty returns even lower.

If Coinbase was adding 100k a day in December, it's reasonable to think that they are still ticking away at say 1/5th of that everyday.  They won't release the most up to date numbers so it's hard to tell.  It think they have to be close to 30 million users at this point.  

Even though the volume is "low" it's still in hundreds of millions per day across all exchanges.  It seems like there should be a lot of new money still entering the market with the increase in users.  So there has to be a lot of money sitting on the sidelines.  It's also weird that the price moves are so slow.

To keep this kind of control on the market would require huge sums of money from someone trying to take a massive position.  Or a huge seller has been offloading their position.  Nothing else really makes sense.  It should have popped up by now.  But an increase in total users is the most important number.  Smaller pieces of ownership make built in demand much higher.  It increase the value of the network and it also reduces the power that one seller has over the entire market.  I think what should happen as the numbers keep increasing is that you'll see nothing but upward movement until we hit a plateau in price.  The magic number for this affect should be somewhere around 200 million total users on the network.  Everyday increases the odds that it will happen.  

I think a depressed price is the greatest gifts that bulls could ask for at this time.  It leaves a lot of upside for new investors to try to capture.  
I'm starting to become convinced we're back into the buy-the-dip territory!

These dumps no longer seem to have follow through..
How big should be difference between stop price and limit price  on stop limit in Bitmex to stay safe and be sure it will get triggered? I am usually making 0.3% difference but maybe this is too much? Or too little? I never had problems but I am very greedy and at the same time want it to be triggered.
700 ETH market buy took out 480 on coin base pro
If we go down from here we would have a nice H&S pattern....
my ltc ratio short is in the green for the first time since $5.8k when I switched over after futures expiration. alts being bearish af
Definitely new to all this. Been waiting on the sidelines for weeks trying to figure out when and if I want to get in. Seeing this volatility out of nowhere with little volume makes me think there is way too much manipulation going on. It seems like crazy risk of being on the wrong side of whatever the whales decide to do at any given moment. 
The longer it stays below 6800, the more likely the next big move will be downwards. Why 6800? It was the the main support/structure double bottom that the last bull cycle to 10k rallied off. We broke below, and have been unable to reclaim over last two weeks.

Some people are calling 6k triple bottom, but I think that’s just wishful thinking. Triple bottoms almost never occurs on higher timeframes.

Also, big cap alts like BCH, ETH, LTC are all being capped and pushed down by the 21EMA on the daily chart.

Until a weekly close above 6800, I remain bearish until 2.5k (200MA weekly) to 3.7k (200EMA weekly).
Bitcoin managed to push through from 6591 to 6592. #Bullish
How big is this 6800 wall??
I have not followed the market the last days and I am out of position since then, just came home switched my laptop on and saw this GD. What I noticed is that the Bitfinex order book is crazy thin. Why is this the case??

only 1.5k to 7k and only 1.0k to 6.5k
I’d like to know how many people took out loans to put money in the crypto market. 
I just want to shamelessly plug my post from 3 days ago...

\>What I think is going to happen in the following weeks... Many of you are going to keep shorting this shit and get burnt, unless you're smart and know that the direction is up from here and you're simply scalping the BGDs. At some point in the next few days we are going to move down strongly with a lot of you thinking that you were right all along and that this was simply a bull trap/short hunting. Except we will then revert right the back up and then up into 7XXX+

\>Some of you then will start saying 'maybe this really is a reversal' and start buying in with the RSI at some stupid fucking number and get burnt with the violent pullbacks probably selling at the bottom of them before the resumption upwards.

\>My advice for those that are clueless right now, wait for the RSI on the 30M to fall below 35 in the coming days and enter a long and sit on it awhile. For bonus points try catch the knives, look at where previous highs were on strong wicks and set buy orders there when the RSI gets close to the aforementioned number.

\>Note - like any advice I give here it's my assumptions, this I think has a very high likelyhood of playing out, if you want to be extra safe wait for us to get above 6900 to confirm the 3D squishy narrative and then look for a good entry point.

Also I re-entered my long (from 6355) after getting out @ 6575 @ 6503.5 on Mex, .50c from the most recent bottom.

I feel like I'm approaching my 10,000 hours.
The occasional ~200 BTC pumps leaving upper wicks coupled with non-increasing Accum/Dist Line are a sign of weakness. If whales really want to pump, they would pump it with 3000+ BTC orders, not 200 BTC order that only tempts longs and scares out shorts

(Keep the downvotes coming. That all you've got?)
i just reported .. sorry i'm in the train ..
Was that the BGD to kickstart the end of the bear market?
Holy hell here we go
Its Sunday where I live, Ive been snorting and hitting it hard tonight. Fuck man I love life. I love the market as well, this is exactly what I thought would happen, and when you predictions go right, you just feel god-like. The thing is, though, Ive been on the other side of a trade atleast, if not more than, half the time so its not always sunshine, cocaine and girly laughter in a dark room with seven monitors displaying weird geometrical shapes and lines that aim to predict the future positions and sizes of a bunch of red and green candles. What a coincidence, these precious ladies always crave for candles just like tonight, Ive had enough of it. The fuck you do with a candle if you cant squeeze a buck out of it? I dont need your vanilla smelling turd stick, all I need is a green one and I got me biggie tonight. Yes, I long for those. No short sticks for me lately.  


I have been adding BTC and LTC during the week, definitely over invested when looking at my average position size  at the moment but it is what it is. Use stops, whether mental ones or not and stick to your plan. People make decisions based on emotions, you want to eliminate emotions from any equation that is related to trading. Rules, plans, stick to them, eliminate emotions. When I didnt do that, it felt like I had dropped the soap at a supermax. Those times are long gone, though.  I am currently only looking at 1D and 1W TFs, in my higher state of being, spiced up by acid and coke. Godmode and Phoenix indicators which I havent used in a long time provided to give me data where it otherwise wouldnt have existed and created an opening that I used. I went back to my old ways, old old ways. 1W RSI is also at levels where during the 2014 bear market we had a nice little dead cat bounce. I am expecting just that, nothing more. Dead cat bounce, reversal, whatever it is I am about to make money off of this thing. I am not looking to predict where we are within the next few months. Im just looking to make a quick buck and then re-evaluate the situation when needed.  


Im just rambling here in a way that is the opposite of coherent, so I'll leave the actual analysis and screenshotting for tomorrow. Tonight Im pulling out that crystal clear mirror and lay a trendy line on that. I'll be up till Monday, thats for certain.   


I wish you all a good Sunday morning, evening, Saturday evening, morning. Lets get it!
!long XBTUSD add 6663 5x 20% 
resistance test ... 

Anyone else trading this head and shoulders?

https://imgur.com/a/C48Fo5I

edit: as I posted seems to be reversing but still present on 2hour and 3hour charts


Many of you fail to see the significance of this move right here. I have tears streaming down my face as I type this. I see stars, I see the beautiful beyond. I see the path to 100k becoming clear now. I cannot stop smiling. It has begun again. The dragon has woken. The fire burns within. Oh, Bitcoin, I love you

edit: downvotes prove the bearish bias of all the clueless fish still stuck in shorts or fiat here. I have learned the art of accepting my mistakes and forgiving myself. The feeling of closing a position at a loss when you see the future and entering the correct position is liberating. 7700 in 3-4 days, much pain for shorts in store
Any idea why the Wex premium is even larger than usual? Hovered roughly around 200-300 dollars its more than double now
make or break time
[Longs decreasing, shorts almost stable](https://i.imgur.com/iDNVtQr.png) 
If you are the shorting type, I feel now would be a nice time to pop a high margin short and hold it for a bit.

Stops at $6800, leave it open for a while and try to ride it down to the next support levels in the low $5ks or $4ks somewhere.

My reasoning is the bulls are weak and the bears are strong, if you zoom out, and I don't expect this to change until something changes, which it hasn't.
Last two short squeezes happened with 3k-4k shorts, so not there yet, but I wanted to post this now just in case. There's clearly some shorters at this 6560 level. I am stacking my asks over 6800. I'm also still in a small short, gonna hold it until a direction is chosen. The trendlines i have drawn are not strong ones, I wouldnt be surprised to see this sideways action continue until the weekly close.

https://imgur.com/a/6xEMxX3
Stopped out of my mex short in a decent few % in profit. Perps short screwed me because it really looked like it was going down so I doubled down bringing my liqui just under 7K and then poof up we go. Closed my longer term short for about a 30% gain on my portfolio but lost a lot of my mex gains (still up over the month) which I consider gambling money but my r/r got a bit out of hand as it does on mex every now and again. Seems like we're not going to go down so I'm guessing we either struggle here and go down after being stopped out or we could go all the way up to 8K area before going back to 5K (still think we're going there though).

No real TA at all today, that last pumps has got me looking at whether 7K can be broken. I have been looking at the ichi recently and been thinking it's probably time to close out but I didn't listen to myself or the indicator again but my discipline is getting better and overall I'm still up a fair bit since I started buying back. I'm sure real capitulation will come sometime below 5500 but I'm gong to spend less time staring at charts the next few day.
this seems like a suckers rally imo. sorry btc but ill wait for a dip. too much resistance at 6800. still not convinced. gluck fellas  
Yes I’m bullish on seeing a reversal in the next 2 weeks. But do I expect us to go straight up from here? No, probably visit 5500-5900 again before shooting up. Nothing just goes up and up without dropping. We recently went up to $6700 so I expect an initial drop soon again before finally meet our trajectory 
Im pretty sure the only reason people think BTC is going to have a huge rally is because it did in 2014 when everything looked bleak. Only difference is no one ever thought BTC would recover back then, but everyone is so sure it will recover again now. Pretty sure thats your answer. Its not going to do what people expect.
I think it's fair to say the same participants still buying and selling probably have a lot in common. As in, they could be good friends or business partners.
Someone else posted here a few days ago that whales are purposely making longs outnumber shorts since a lot of people check the long/short ratio now. Then they squeeze the shorts instead of squeezing the longs. Didnt the longs also outnumber shorts even during the 6000 and below dip?

Any thoughts on that guy's theory? His post was quite the wall of text but i believe that was the gist of it. 
I'm calling the bottom. Bear market is actually over. Seriously, we did it guys. This is a massively important breakout. This changes everything. I am shaking right now, for real.
I see someone mentioned the "crypto algorithm" which has generated some confusion.

The algorithm, lies beneath [this](http://imgur.com/xopsxAU) great oak tree.

Good luck on your quest, gentlemen.
For me, I'm placing my bets on BTC mining. I'm bullish on gold, but I don't buy gold. I buy gold mining stocks. They explode when gold pops and you can unload then at their top for exponential gains and you don't necessarily have to time the gold top.  They suck otherwise. May I suggest DPW if you wish to play the same game with BTC.
Everybody put their dicks away and go home. Nothing to see here.
Looks like a bear flag to me...

https://i.imgur.com/r97FY3M.png
Last time we saw an even moderately sized red candle was 7/3 and even that was kind of meh. Crystal clear that the savior of shorties, the Mad Dumper, is out of ammo. Does he have to buy back now? Doesn't matter.  Trade accordingly.
Potential inverted head and shoulders at play? 

https://imgur.com/a/yq6g4l0
[removed]
Diydude may be on to something.
Wow.. My stop loss almost got hit (within $6, I think)

Hoping this is the last up-thrust to lure longs and scare out shorts.

Never use stop market buy order at the same price as everyone. Bitmex shot up to 6868.. imagine market buying that one to cover short position. (shudders~) Jesus christ


[removed]
Just read up on "Bullish Catapult" and I'm confused as to how far into this formation you think we are. It sounds like the catapult is formed by slamming against resistance multiple times until it breaks (multiple tops + breakout), followed by a weak pullback back below resistance, then a moon launch. 

Looking at the charts (back to mid-June) I see it just smacking ~6800 a bunch of times. So are you expecting 6800 to break, then a pullback (sub 6800), then launch to 7000+ plus? Or did the breakout/pullback already happen?
> longs and shirts

Been watching football?
Thanks for sharing! Your material is always top notch. I’ve been out of position for the past few days expecting a similar situation, though I wasn’t aware of the bullish catapult formation. I’m not sure how to play this as a trader though, because I don’t want to be out of position for the move, and I also don’t want to be lose a ton of money if I’m wrong.

I figure I have multiple options from here. I could open a short and a long with stop losses on each, but stop hunting is a big issue these days. Another option is to set limit buys and sells outside the tradable range in hope of catching a big move halfway through. I could also just wait til the direction is decided to pick a direction and hope to ride the waves moving forward. With bitcoin’s current price action characterized by horizontal prices interrupted by rapid moves up or down, it’s a bit hard to determine where it’s going from here. We’re essentially at the 50 yd line right now with no significant signals pointing up or down as far as I’m aware.
Great analysis as always, thanks for sharing. 
Where do you make those PnF charts ?
Hi Merlin, my memory might have faded over the years, but am I correct if I say that you are also Emocmo (or something like that), who used the bullish catapult PnF formation to predict the end of the 18 month bear market after 2013? I still remember your post, it was like the most bullish formation ever, and in hindsight you were absolutely right, because in 2.5 years the price went from $200 to $20000.
Going from 6700 to 7000 over a few days is not explosive though. I expect a real breakout from 6700 to at least 7200 in like 24 hours give or take. Otberwise its just more grinding
Yup. IMO the market takes time to react to good news, unlike bad news. 

The market reacts to bad news quickly because the people who follow the news closely are those who are already invested/on the sidelines, so bad news result in immediate panic sells/halt in buying showing an immediate effect on price. 

On the other hand, the market doesn’t react to good news as much right away because it takes time for new people to get in (finally hear about the news from mainstream media/word of mouth, find disposable income, get their money on an exchange,  etc)

When there’s a bunch of good news, sit tight. Organic growth takes time. 
Great post. 
But muh bearish analysis to look like i know what im doing
Sorting by top is a good way to go when there's too much clutter. 
If it breaks that 7000 trend line its going to break out, we definitely are on a bullish trend now, just need to break through.
Y'know I feel the same way, but I'm also totally biased.

And on the other hand.... can't tell if sarcastic, and you're making fun of the fact that this is what everyone thinks on every pump.
Looks like someone makes a killing ;)
Position closed with success



* Position: long xbtusd

* Opening value: 6,582.00

* Average value: 6,582.00

* Closing value: 6,582.00

* Leverage: 3.00X

* Stack: 20.00%

* PnL: -0.25%

[Check Open Positions](https://www.anotherbot.info/)


Yep. “Where its going” is usually an important question.
You mean the mid-term future of bitcoin didn't change in 3 minutes at 7pm on a Saturday night?
None of this TA matters I feel like.  In fact you’ll probably do better playing the opposite of the “correct” move a lot of times.  There’s a 50/50 chance of you getting played.  It’ll go whichever way the whales want it to go the next time they decide to make a move.  
2k+ comments with a new bull run
BxD
Wtf is the thing with 6800?
Sure looks that way. Just need that final spike in volume. 
I mean you could look at the charts to see that.
Hey, can you explain what the different colors in the volume profile mean? Why are some green/yellow and others blue/purple?
> I still doubt this drops past the $6100-$6300 range

Timing is everything. If we drop down there for the weekly and 3d close, I have little hope for an immediate recovery. Then it might just keep going.
Dear god is gonna rain. The griffin went short everybody! 

Upvoted. 
trading head & shoulders with bitcoin is a fruitless endeavor, *especially* when they're not completed
At what price was the wall? Did not check it.
Yes it was just getting interesting, then it was over
Good ole spoofy
the idea is to paint a staircase to heaven so traders start buying in and holding instead of playing the scalps, you then start making bigger and bigger moves up, so the normies start getting interested, you keep moving up and up and and hit the ATH, at which point the smart normies will be piling in droves, you then accelerate the push upwards to hit $50K, $100K at which point the sheep will just start jumping in...they'll then push things up to around $130K-$150K maybe even $250K before the bubble pops all over again and the price goes crashing down 
these big buys/moves come at the daily open/close. It probably is more traditional big time traders making these moves. 

There is a reason these moves happen at daily open/close: it's either an attempt to paint the tape or a sort of gentleman's agreement to make most moves happen around this time so people don't miss a move while they're asleep or away. since bitcoin largely moves sideways lately, there's a bit of an incentive to sort of agree on when we're going to make the majority of our trades each day lol
So you held on to a short since around 6/10? Is that what you're saying? Why didn't you close at 6K, the obvious bottom?
Maybe BTC will drop until the point ETH hits double bottom and explodes upwards O_O

https://www.tradingview.com/x/Hsr6Qgw2/
I wouldn't look too much at Ethereum right now, simply because their scaling and governance upgrades were slightly postponed and this has lead to a loss of momentum in the near to medium term. Obviously. when Ethereum gets closer to having some upgrade ready this is the coin too watch.
Move incoming imminently 
Yeah we are still in that slow bleed section there has been nothing close to bottoming action in my opinion.

People who say we've gone through that bottoming action were not watching the market when it occurred, I'd posit.
This is what I would love to see for bitcoin to feel confident that we bottomed out, a sharp drop (capitulation) followed by an immediate recovery and then a few days after a higher low and upwards we go
But the bubble before the goxxing recovered in six months. I've been looking at this too and it seems ambiguous. On mobile now but check out bitstamp 3d log charts and you'll see it's not so obvious.
Wow you had good timing. 
What do you think about this (potential) bull flag forming? 
What price does your entry liquidate at? Personally, I agree with your observation that we haven't seen continuation of the break through 6800 and I don't think you're in bad shape yet. The similarities to July 4th's pump are pretty spot-on, and we were rejected at least 3 times from the 6800 range back in mid-June as well before the big dump to 5750. Bulls have some work to do if they wan't to reverse the trend.
Agree with this. Opened a short at 6787 (my fingers weren’t fast enough to scoop one up >6.8k) relatively tight stops above 6.8k.. (6820 being a strong resistance on my chart). If the wicks stops me out - so be it. Still cautious the bulls have come back to play. Will open more as we go up - depending on the situation then. 
It's price discovering : someone say "maybe this?" and create the "stick" of the flag, then the others argus if they feel confortable with the new price, and when the range of the argue get smaller, the tip of the triangle, than somone else can put anoteher proposition, and as the first movement seems all right, its a figure of continuation ( sorry for bad english).
Kind of. People don’t want to buy the top, and will start taking profits on their buys after the price goes up. Once it looks like selling pressure has subsided, people feel comfortable buying again, and the price jumps up again. Declining volume as the price goes down is actually a bullish signal, as it means selling pressure has subsided and may signal an incoming upswing.
One way to think about it is that the price reaches a level where there is more supply than demand on some timeframe. This is because some people are taking profits and others were already planning to sell at that new price. That excess supply must be absorbed before the next move up. 
Periods of consolidation. 
Yeah. What is the formation called when volume drops off after a high volume price increase? 
Never mind. Short away. Have fun. Hope you don't lose too terribly much.

Peace and prosperity to you.
why? this is where you would want to *open* one. if we can't move past here then it's going to test lower lows (from the past week I mean, like <$6400)

we were all but guaranteed to test $6850 at least one more time. 
>Also entering a long at 6800 fuck it

rekt²
You're setting yourself up to lose money both ways IMO. Can you hold that long while BTC revisits 6600? Cause you might have to.
Hey good job on cutting loss, but you gotta chill it on the counter trades and revenge trading
Good move. Open a long on the resistance line
Got a copy of the wall street cheat sheet to share?
>  it looks like nothing more than another one of those frustrating Barts.

it's not so much of a bart.

a so-called bart is just a calculation on where the trader (i call him harry) can trigger the most liquidations. if they can dump it $200 and trigger $50m in liquidations, or pump it $200 and trigger $75 million in liquidations, they'll pump it.

it all depends on where traders place their chips on the table, the side of the table thats the most heavy gets traded against because thats there the most money is.

they want to trigger as many liquidations with the least amount of pumping or dumping, its always just enough to liquidate and not a penny more
i don't understand this chart...
If BTC can be knocked sideways by an unverified lie about some Korean laws that might happen some day, a true global meltdown would flatten it completely.

Its rise has been a luxury permitted by a wider asset bubble. Once people don't think there are more free dollars on the table it's over for a long, long time.
In a global economic crash people will cash in their losses from 'safe' investments (stocks), and plough their remaining funds into the most volatile market on earth?

Yeah you lost me there.

I'll tell you how BTC will behave in a global economic downturn, fucking terribly, speculative assets are often the first to get hammered and get smashed the most.
No. A market crash signify that the US dollar is still king and strong (hence your USD buys you more assets). People will fly from investments (stocks, metal, crypto, real estate, etc...) to the US dollar.

Bitcoin and crypto benefits from a global market run (people have lots of profit to diversify into non-traditional markets).

A USD devaluation? I don't know. But if the USD starts losing value we won't see any market crash. So the point will not happen either.
There are so many variables that it’s impossible to know how Bitcoin will act in that kind of scenario. 
The big question is how farther along bitcoin has matured when it happens. When the next downturn happens, we are going to get a test of how it behaves for sure. Does it store wealth like gold? Do you buy it again at the bottom like real estate after they both crash? If Bitcoin hits a bull market before the economies of the world downturn and the world bear market starts slow enough, there would probably be some flight to it, but gold too. How that would hold up is probably not very solid yet. As others mentioned, if someone is struggling to pay the bills, they aren't going to be buying any of the above. Maybe a good guide is to not buy more bitcoin than you can afford to hold through a recession. Just my 2 satoshis.
As soon as shit hits the fan and people are strapped for cash, bitcoin is the first thing they are selling.  And they certainly aren't going to be buying any of it if they are struggling to pay the bills.
In a crash everything will fall because people must sell what ever they have to pay their debts.

In a situation of high / hyper inflation, people may well put their savings into bitcoin, even if it isn't in a bull market. The more stable and usable bitcoin becomes, the more likely that is to occur. In the ideal case, bitcoin could act in a similar way to the [URV](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unidade_real_de_valor) which pulled Brazil out of hyperinflation in 1994.
What if the crash is so serious entire infrastructure for countries fail? Is there a way to transfer bitcoin without running nodes/ using http www?

Like USB somehow? 

Just curious if shits hits the fan in an extreme scenario. 
If your talking about US economy, than yeah, I expect it to crash within a few years at best. I'd hope crypto will be the thing that replaces the dollar. But whoever is toying with the crypto algorithm is making it extremely boring and unappealing currently. My opinion is some very wealthy wallets are getting fatter (whales) while minnows are getting their crypto gobbled up one at a time. This also looks like a attempt to burn traders as much as possible to suck their coins up and discourage them from trading. I'm throwing my coins in cold storage. I'll see y'all when the crypto algorithm isn't restricted to such a narrow range and things start moving again like a normal market.
Crypto just happened
UTC 00:00:00
Harry pumped it
Dude when the fuck will u learn. Take profit and stay away for a few days. If youre sweating over a position you are overleveraged, which you are doing A LOT. Learn from your mistakes. Dont let your position go negative.
A trader never got poor by locking in profits.
Close it, 300% profit is enough. Don't be greedy.
you've already scored a 300% profit - if you're not sure what to do right now just exit the market
First, isn't a 5700 a lower low? Gotta respect the bounce back up despite volume, it doesn't always play out the way a sell-off plays off.

Rule of trading no matter who you ask, never let your winners become losers. Another opportunity another day, it is liberating to know that as long as you protect your principal, you can find new edge in the market.
Assumimg ur overleveraged, Id close out 2/3 soon and look to readd around 6800-7000. I dont think this will just fall through 5800 on a dump, so ull atleast get a chance to reshort the bounce if it does break down. Im currently
Short too, but its just a 1/3 position, i can add more or get stopped out without worrying much.
Take profit broski.  300% is a nice lick... don’t let your winner become a loser like another poster said
RIP
Cool story, bro. I'm long from 6550. One of these longs will surf the breakout and put your fantasy 300 percent profit to shame.
[deleted]
Those are just inflated marketing numbers.  Anyone that initiated the signup process but never went through with it are probably counted as customers.  I initiated registration, never finished but i'm probably included.  They had 13M during the ATH, have 20M now.  But those original 13M, i'd say 80% of them cashed out, are underwater, transferred to another exchange but left coinbase open, or have less than $100 in the market.  The new 7M since the ATH, probably signed up but never sent funds.  Coinbase only sells 4-5 coins, which are all down significantly so no new money has been coming in but rather money is leaving.
Localbitcoin and ATMs are not a new source, in fact, localbitcoin is older than most exchanges, they are both (with ATMs) popular only with microtransactions.
> If I had not traded at all I would be down about 85 percent approx 

assuming you bought at the very top of $20K at the bottom of $5700 you would be down 71.5%, not sure where did you get that 85% from! at 85% the price would be $3K.


> t's reasonable to think that they are still ticking away at say 1/5th

no it is not, this is not a public info, there is no way to know how they are really doing if they don't release this info.

> It seems like there should be a lot of new money still entering the market....I can see us going to 80k very fast. My instinct says that's where it should be soon.        

wishful thinking.

[deleted]
LOL, wait for it. Failed pump will result in massive dump. I don't see how we can pump through these major resistance with this kind of volume. Even if it manages to go up that high, but with no follow up it will go down again.
I'm starting to think so too. No Saturday morning dump seems like a bullish sign.
From experience, stop market is safer than stop limit. Sometimes, your stop won’t get triggered and you end up losing more than you want to. 
We'd need to hit ~$6300 to complete the pattern.... it's of course possible... but buyers don't seem to want to let this drop below $6400.  I do think we'll get a $6500 retest here very soon.
Ouch, that doesnt sound pleasant. However, for most h/s patterns to.truly behave like they should are not inverted, but are in play best at the peaks.
I've kinda been wondering if this is a [smaller version of an earlier H&S/Bart-esque pattern](https://www.tradingview.com/x/DgNJBoTb/)... (Is this even a thing?) 
Where can you short alt ratios?
hey, give me some credit too. My stop loss buy was at 6700. I helped make that candle.
There's going to be risk no matter what. High risk high reward. Good luck. Don't get greedy. 
There's whales in every market.  Volatility is opportunity and this opportunity is one of the biggest drivers of its growth.  So wishing for it to "go away" seems backwards to me.
think about it this way we've had 2 months of straight down bear market, at this point we are due for a month or two of straight up bull market 

the question is if we break through $8,600 or not to make this a full on reversal. or if $8,600 holds and we start going back down again

"Manipulation" is unfortunately part of this wonderful game. It won't go away. This market will stay crazy and unregulated in ways we haven't even thought of yet. 
"As major reversal patterns, these patterns usually form over a 3- to 6-month period." -stock charts
http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.php?id=chart_school:chart_analysis:chart_patterns:triple_bottom_reversal
The Trump Wall. You shall not pass!
you're just gonna get the people who took it out early, got lucky, and made a lot of money with it. nobody's really gonna tell you how much they fucked up 
I'd probably die from stress if I did that
I took out a loan from the bank I used to work at, and put it all in crypto. The loan itself was worth about 10 months salary at the time.

I paid it all back within the following three months, and got to keep going with my profits, thanks to the last bull-run. Has been the craziest, yet single best investment decision I made in a long while.

Of course, I would still be very cautious of recommending anyone to do something similar.
Used alot of my studentloan for 2017 to invest in crypto now withdrawed everything invested from those loans with interest and is running with pure profits. 
Does taking out a loan from your 401k count?
I put like 11k on a cc, then opened another to do interest free balance transfer in Dec, and then paid that off with tax return so it’s like I had the money to begin with.

I’m only a couple grand down now but it’ll come back eventually...or it won’t.
[deleted]
yep right before the nov. run up but mainly because I could get 0% for 21months which was too good to pass up.  

I think its really interesting to think about the reason CC companies stopped credit cards.  What other asset can you buy that appreciates over the long term like bitcoin?  And you can even transfer it to a hard wallet and be in control of the asset while the CC company is stuck with the debt?  That's crazy to think about

I didn't see 30 min RSI hit below 35 though. Lowest I saw was 35.5. 

Anyways, good for you but this seems a bit of a "I told you so". I've learned a long time ago, whenever I wanted to say "I told you so", to not say it.
You've spent 10,000 hours trading? Dear god man was it worth it?
This push-up push-down happen all the time from the last few weeks, nothing new. When the time come, price will move up, maybe this is not the time yet.
The 200btc wicks are meant to accumulate and soften up the bear market, you don’t break a bear market with a few big buys. A reversal takes a while to play out, so you need to show upwards spiking and higher highs and lower lows for at least a few weeks 
>The occasional \~200 BTC pumps leaving upper wicks coupled with non-increasing Accum/Dist Line are a sign of weakness. If whales really want to pump, they would pump it with 3000+ BTC orders, not 200 BTC order that only tempts longs and scares out shorts

everyone stuffing their fingers in their ears, if they admit big players move things they have to admit this is more like gambling than they want to. 
Confirmed.
> BGD

what does the abbreviation BGD stand for?
I dunno, it's still not very much volume.
Can’t tell if sarcasm or not. Lol. 
A 250 USD move is already a BGD now? :D
There is a symmetric triangle on the 4h and bbands are tightening here. Could go either way. Breaking down doesn't have a very low target; good for a scalp. It puts bulls on the path to a significant iH&S.
I'm already short. This formation doesn't look good enough for me to add more on the breakdown, but it suggests retesting 6100 support is possible.

>I have tears streaming down my face as I type this. I see stars, I see the beautiful beyond.

Mate, you're getting downvoted for acting like some ridiculous cliche that gives the whole anti-Bitcoin crowd ammunition for making the rest of us look like crazy zealots.  


Tone it the fuck down or just masturbate in private. 
legit a bit worried about you brotha
This comment will age well. 
Never go full bitcoin 
This is it everyone - let’s go short again! ;)
We've seen other people act the way you do now. They all got rekt. Please do seriously consider taking a break NOW if your health and sanity means anything to you.
Bro.
Get yourself together man!
Why is everyone answering to such an obvious troll ?
Degen gonna get liqued
Sorry for your ..... Well. Check into a psychiatric ward if this comment was serious. 
The fact that your cried while watching a chart, and then told the world, proves your own bias.

P.S. You're also lame.
https://www.tradingview.com/x/wMUoTdfP/

I mean yea in the last 30 minutes they decreased...they're still at 34.5k 

Sorry but your "reasoning" is no reasoning. It would have maybe made some sense a few weeks ago but claiming the bears are strong after we just had 8 green daily candles in a row and bears cant even get the price below 6,5k is, sorry, stupid. 
If nothing changes we will barely get past 6k if we even reach 6k. That's the pattern I see.
Don't listen to this guy. High margin short with the stop at 6800??? Seriously? It was a good moment to short this when we were at 6700-6780 but not now if you want to put a stop at 7800.
After hours of trying, the bears pushed the price down by $30. Yeah, bears are really strong. 
>I feel now would be a nice time to pop a high margin short and hold it for a bit

You what mate? I would never use a high margin short nor suggest anyone else to do so. 
I could see a higher low around \~6k fueling new attempts at digging us out of this mess, once people see that it could preserve a base. But if we see a new low the trend will continue, just my observation. 
Can’t tell if you’re serious or if this is an incantation to spur the big reversal.
Another $1,000 drop in BTC's price doesnt really look bullish lol. Especially given it has been dropping for 2 months already.
>  Nothing just goes up and up without dropping

BTC literally did that last year
The world is so black and white isn't it...
Almost everyone still thought Bitcoin would recover by EOY back in 2014 because it did so in early 2013. The market sentiment is pretty much exactly the same. 

Bitcoin didn't recover/rally in 2014... or 2015...
So *everyone* doesn't include you? Is it *everyone* then, or just *someone*?
There was **NO** rally in 2014
The fact we don’t know how many are 1x would give some credibility to that theory. 
Ratio has never been that useful to me. Funding rate matters + it’s important to know what price levels each side has take their positions at. Short squeezes have been easy to spot recently.
i mean that's literally someone just making up a narrative so they don't have to worry about the number of longs open, lol. there are no shorts to squeeze, we're at 21k shorts. bitmex open interest at 81k, most big moves take place when bitmex hits 90k+ or bitfinex longs or shorts hit 40k+

Longs/shorts have never been a reliable indicator but when it works, it works 
Longs outnumbered shorts below $6k, but just barely. Conversely, shorts greatly outnumbered longs on the BGD in April. My hunch is that tracking the long/short ratio is still reliable, but that there may just be a bigger divide between shorts and longs when those squeezes happen moving forward.
Most positions seen are fake, actually
So I can stop being sad now? :D D: >:D
Lol wipe yourself off and settle down. 
/s?
Damn bro, don't get too carried away. The bear feeds off of hope.

I still see bear div on the 4hr
Calm down, we haven't even hit $7k yet. 
it's too bad that $JNUG and $JDST aren't very volatile anymore.  When I first started playing around with writing trading algorithms in Quantopian, I wrote some killer strategies using those two, but by the time I started live trading with them, the volatility was gone and they ended up not doing much of anything.  The worst part is, the 3 or so months I spent trying to get it to work was just delaying me from discovering Bitcoin. :/
kool story br0
More like ascending wedge. Very ugly one
I was with you till I read “out of ammo”


The mad shorter doesn’t have ammo. He just rug pulls. 

You haven’t seen a good hell candle hourly yet.  If we drop to like 3000 then you can start to talk like this lol. 
Volume doesn't fit, and it wouldn't mean anything anyway until it gets fully formed and breaks out.

The fact that you could theoretically draw a pattern if the price does x doesn't mean the price is likely to do x.
This guy. 
Why is it bear v bulls? Don’t we all want each other to make money. Jesus Christ you guys turn everything into *us vs them*
dude I share the bull position with you, but jesus christ are you annoying. 


You're the kinda guy that would say "Learned your lesson yet, virgin longers?" fuck off
R1 and R0 (no shitposting)
That’s some major projecting. 
No, you never speak those words

don't encourage him, he won't stop

a candle that large isn't a fakeout 
I had a stop loss buy the very top of a swing high once. Literally the top. Yeah, it sucks ass.
Wrong thread.
Lol this is so random
username ckecks out. nice shill try.
The breakout occurred after the last formation.  It was a double top breakout that has now turned into the possible triple top.
I guess that would be shirts and skins.  And since I have man tits, I am on shirts.  
I would do nothing until we were very close to breaking out, or down.  And even then, you could set up pending orders AT the breakout points.

These things, like long or low pole warning positions can move quickly.  This is one of those formations that tends to indicate a further direction.  Losing out on a couple of bucks at the start might not be a horrible idea.
Using Excel on my macbook.  There are some sites that do them for stocks.  I am not sure if anyone does them for BTC.  I am sure if you did a search you would find them.  

I make my own and it takes about 30 seconds a day to update them.  its just part of my "balancing my checkbook" process every day.
I don't disagree, and it certainly would probably move that fast.  But you know, if you write it down...its held over your head around here.  People need to make their own calls.  But I am not disagreeing with yours.

personally, I think we are nearing the end of this bear cycle.   I think everyone who was going to grind out, has been ground.  I know my basis is a lot lower than this and profits taken last year paid off almost everything I owe--so patience is the name of the game.
that would be my critic too. 6600->7000 is nothing when it comes to bitcoin volatility.
Very true. As they say, "bad news sells."
> the market takes time to react to good news, unlike bad news

In a bear market, yes. In a bull market the opposite is often true. Unless it's way overbought and everyone is nervous and looking for an excuse to sell.
I'm honestly clueless lol
It was farewell before killing himself.
Next bull run top will probably have 10k-20k comments
For starters, breaching it would mean retracing our previous big leg down confirming a double bottom I think?:
[https://www.tradingview.com/x/qYOH7d9a/](https://www.tradingview.com/x/qYOH7d9a/)

But also, it's a strong horizontal level of support/resistance:
[https://www.tradingview.com/x/ienSrhbM/]
(https://www.tradingview.com/x/ienSrhbM/)

Not sure. It was one of the prices to watch for. I kept reading here earlier today if we break out past 6800 we could see the start of a run up. 
I can only eyeball it, I am not good enough with TA to technically arrive at the correct answer. For all I know there is a special rule that invalidates it. Sooooorry!
Red is down volume, green is up volume. It then overlays a blue "value area" over 70% of the volume.  So the value area down volume is purple and the value area up volume is turquoise/green. I'm colorblind so not the best to ask about colors.

With value area: https://imgur.com/a/OM64Y5o
Without value area: https://imgur.com/a/85bkjLZ

Some people use the value area as support/resistance.
You’re right, there’s always a possibility. That’s why I’m taking my chances on this small hedge despite not having a great deal of conviction on this small move.
lol I think I’ve just been lucky lately. I’m not shorting as much as hedging my balance here though, since I’m expecting a violent move one way or another in the next few days and I just want to be safe.
Just over 6600 I think 
The last time the “big” (which I’m personally definining as $250) moves happened at the daily close (8pm est for me) was the 29th, 19th, and 9th...I am just glancing at the hourly charts so maybe I’m off but the craziness at the daily close seems to have tapered off over the past several weeks.
That’s essentially correct. I don’t margin trade, but use limit buys/sells on GDAx since they don’t have any maker fees. 

I’m of the mindset that we will test the 5000 range in the next month or two, so if I can’t get my fills at the 8000 range on my remaining trade stack, I’ll just accumulate more as we approach the 5000 range. If we remain in the current 6400-6800 range, I’ll just sit on my hands. 
> a sharp drop (capitulation) followed by an immediate recovery and then a few days after a higher low and upwards we go

https://www.tradingview.com/x/XFw0hMWP/

I hope you were being sarcastic
The first 2013 bubble was a correction in an otherwise bigger bull market (just like ETH corrected 420 to 150 before it bubbled again to $1400 last year)

The short 2013 bear did not exhibit longer-term characteristics of a bear market that 2011, 2014, and 2018 did. 1W MAs/EMAs never sloped downwards, we never closed below them nor did they ever cross each other. That's not very strong bear market. It's also worth noting that the short 2013 bear also never saw a lower low and when the bear ended, it had a high volume sharp selloff (to a higher low).
Oh I just meant to show the last one was just a steady rise from the bottoming out section.  I think people expect some violent fall down an elevator shaft and massive rebound straight up this time but I don’t see that in the last trend reversals.  I don’t think this one will take nearly as long as the last one either.  Mt. Gox failing was a nuclear level event that we don’t have to get past this time.
Watching them 1 min charts FTW
Too early to tell. I wouldn’t be surprised to see this sit under resistance around $6800 for a while before pushing through. However, I doubt it’s gonna shoot right through in the next few hours even if it does, so it should buy me some time to figure out my next step.
My two targets when we were at $5700 were: 1. $6800-ish for the double top, and 2. $7500-ish to retest the former long-term ascending support we broke through at $7k on June 9th. $6800 seemed all but guaranteed once we squeezed up to $6500, but it remains to be seen if we will reach $7500.

My liquidation is around $7400 at the moment. However, I don’t anticipate facing liquidation, as I will likely either DCA in or close early if it continues upward. I honestly haven’t decided yet, as I want to see how the market responds to this pump.
You mean after a high volume price *decrease*? https://imgur.com/a/uyA6UzQ
Buddy, you have been saying that since 10k. Fading your public comments (I know you sell your spot on the down low) has been extremely profitable for me, I thank you for that. I'll go long when the TA tells me to go long, not because someone on reddit is trying to pump their holdings.

ETA: nice ninja edit, anyways continue having fun pretending to be a bull on reddit.
People like gambling bro what don't you get about it? 
We are breaking a BBand squeeze on the 4H to the upside for the first time in 2 months. We are above the 200 MA on the 4H for the first time since 9k, we rejected the breakdown of the H$S...we bounced from the green cloud on 4H, 3H...

This is the first actual bullish move in 2 months. I expect at least 7500 in the next few days from this. This move is a lot different than the previous tests of resistance that kept barting down. 
Man that one almost hit my SL, it was within $6..

If it breaks the high just now, I will have to cut my loss :(
Tbh, as much as I hate telling people “Just go google it lol”, you can actually just google ‘wall street cheat sheet’ and it’s the first several results. 


It’s basically the infamous bubble chart we all know about.
keep in mind that what it costs to dump it $200 and what it costs to pump it $200 in your scenario are almost never equal and will factor into the decision also.
The cyan line is the amount of new users at [blockchain.info](https://blockchain.info) and it recently increased. 

In the past when the line increased Bitcoin price went up, when it slow down Bitcoin price fall. Recently it went up. First time in 2018
This is unfortunately my feeling as well
That's easy to say given the last few months but Bitcoin does have an amazingly sturdy hand when it does find a bottom; see 2016
[deleted]
I think it's looking more and more likely that the next downturn is here - china and other asian markets have been getting rekt, trump is throwing tariffs on everyone and anyone, and eurozone is looking more and more likely to lose an additional member or two. I don't expect the maturity level to be significantly different than it is now.
Yeah, thats really clever. Fuck debts. I can imagine you would want to sell seizable property because else they are going to take it from you, but why do that with bitcoin?

When things collapse there will be more debt than we can ever pay anyway, so why would I choose to throw drops in an ocean of debt? Things would go down. I would probably leave my bitcoin be and learn hunting skills to provide for my family like in the old days.
Yes any medium over which you can transport data. 
[deleted]
The "crypto algorithm"? What are you even taking about??
3%ain’t crypto homie. not even 10 xers got liqudated
ohhhh shit. I’m +2 rn so my bad
True true, I want to wait to see how the weekly closes and go from there. If we are still ranging 6400-6700 by next week it will look more bullish and I will hopefully force myself to close.
His only profit is in his little head.
This. Don't get attached to a position, especially if you're overleveraged.
I wasn't convinced by it being the low b/c there was no capitulation, and no volume spike. 


This is not a good thing to say to other people. I am pretty sure no one else here would wish the same for you. This is not a competition subreddit, we try to help each other and find solutions against bigger players together. I wish you a good luck in you long even though I am short :)
Fantasy? Here are screenshots of my positions that I posted weeks ago: 

[https://imgur.com/L6FEPXd](https://imgur.com/L6FEPXd)

[https://imgur.com/RW9jA4J](https://imgur.com/RW9jA4J)

Have some respek


Coming from the greatest fantasist on this sub lol

Known for piping up at the slightest pump insinuating he predicted it, but them vanishing during the dumps. 

All the while losing vast amounts of money and predicting us 'flying through $10k with no resistance' a few weeks ago, how's that working out for you?
[deleted]
Can I ask why it's important to you that the number be 1/50th or 1/100th?  Are you a short seller?  
As for the down 85, lots of other coins my man
There are dozens, dozens of us!!
Not if the supply dries up.
Let's make it to 8K before you start talking about 80K.
We had numerous failed attempts in the last few days and there was nothing close to a dump thats worth talking about. 
Why the hell do I keep seeing people whine about volume? Look at bitfinex btc/usd 6 month charts. Volume has significantly increased since mid June.... Its the highest since November...... This is **the exact** kind of volume we need to push through resistance........ Dunno what the hell you’re looking at....
Isn’t it so when it becomes obvious that everything changes 
I switched to stop limit exactly because few times stop markets did not get triggered when I was using it.
May I ask you why below $6300? On my chart we need to go below $6415 to complete it.  
[https://www.tradingview.com/x/cyTmOhPH/](https://www.tradingview.com/x/cyTmOhPH/)
bitmex and Bitfinex 
Curious, why is 8600 the make or break for you?  I don't have anything in particular going on there on my charts.
To be fair that’s talking about stocks, which move much slower than crypto.
they're probably not even here. when i initially lost a massive chunk of money from bitcoin my reaction to hearing "bitcoin" was near ptsd. I didn't want anything to do with it and hearing the name made me cringe
I wouldn’t risk it anymore tbh, sounds like you’ll be fine anyways 
Then yes
Luck right there man, not so many people were lucky enough. Because around may of this year it went to the shitter lol 
every time I feel the urge to say "I told you so" price movement turns around slaps me in the face
>but this seems a bit of a "I told you so".

It's not a bit, it's blatant AF. 
>I didn't see 30 min RSI hit below 35 though. Lowest I saw was 35.5.

It did twice... When we hit 6430 and then 6460

At least it did on cryptowat's settings.
I've traveled the world the past 5 years living in different places being self-employed, meeting lots of people, having tons of adventures... Current staying at a fucking lovely place in Bali.

Life is pretty good. And if I keep making the returns I've been making as of late I'm pretty set.
of course its worth it, you don't stick around this long if you haven't figured out what you are doing. 


It's either accumulation or distribution, but I see overall more sell volume than buy volume, at least according to the Accum/dist indicator. Each consecutive major pump carried less volume than the previous one too.
[deleted]
Big Green Dildo (Big Green Candle)
I can't masturbate my dick is limp from the adrenaline pumping through my veins, my heart, my soul. Bitcoin has awoken.
So will your name
My sanity is already gone, I am running on moon juice and nothing else. The future is irrelevant if Bitcoin does not bring me glory because I have nothing concrete in real life. All or nothing is my only choice. Whether it's shorting or longing I don't care, but I rather it be longing and it looks like it will be longing again.
I have posted my positions, people know this is serious, what's at stake here. If you never feel the power of a thousand beasts within you while trading when your gut, your intuition, your experience from years of chart watching is telling you the future, you are not a true trader. In these moments, you strike.
Cool man, it's not the chart, it's visualizations of the future that the chart can bring that got me emotional. And yes everyone is biased i dont see the point of pointing that out
yes, still so damn high, the ATH for longs was around 40K.
8 green daily candles in a row?
Good point! 
Trying to find reasons to not be short during a crypto bear market is stupid.
I have short but only 6300 and then we go 7000+  
I would advocate shorting with low margin with this kind of stop.

Such a position as I've described with high margin is intended to bet it's going to break down and soon, with strong followon. I want to get a good entry with a lot of margin, but if it's not going to break down soon the high margin position will just stop out quickly.

If it went to $7800 it would be hard for me to not start looking for a new high margin short entry.
Dude, where is the volume after that pump? this is not normal. it will bleed down here. 
Ya, BTC already tested 5750 twice. 1 more test and lower low at 5500 = the worst case for bull.
no it didn't lol
well, yea there was. from $6k to $11.7k (the equivalent %). Technically at this point in the year they were at ~$10.5k
OP revenged flipped from short to long at 6800 (seen in the comments below). He's initiating the pump rhetoric right now.



My brother worked for morgan Stanley developing algorithmic trading. Way too advanced for my simple brain but you go man.all the trading houses use them, sometimes I think they miss the true state of the businesses they trade though
The volume profile doesn't fit, either.
Tomatoes, tomatos. 

Both are bearish.
Yes I understand patterns don't confirm until they've already happened, and I don't have the time rn to trade this anyway.. but If I did I would be tempted to put a gamble on it playing out 

What do you think is happening? 
Sorry for your loss :(

Oh man.. Whales are really good at psyching people out.. I didn't expect that big of a candle
I see your humor attempt, but we have actually had that happen in the past and it’s not funny at all. 
*my wallet is ready*
This pump looks almost identical in size and volume as the pump on the 4th which led practically nowhere. Additionally, it's the 2nd time (along with the 4th) that we were rejected from 6800. A lack of continuation should give you pause if you're a bull. Set stops accordingly if you were able to catch the right side of the pump and can still take profits if there's a dump.
Haha “might go one way or the other” - famous last words. Either way this is going up or down - my 2 cents 
Cheers!
I guess you're right! probably just confirmation bias then. I just remember lots of moves happening around this time. In particular the bGD in april
You trade against usd on a reporting exchange? Aren't you worried about uncle sam?
The low ( on bitfinex ) was on august 18 
Exactly as described and eerily familiar.
Buddy, I've made a lot of money on longs and even more on hodlings, even on the way down. If you're into TA zoom out to November and check out that big textbook bull pennant. You short now, you will regret it or maybe you'll make a lucky little gain here and there. People who bought at 10K will be up 100 percent within six months. Check out that bull pennant. Don't say you weren't warned.
Funny you should say that. I don't get it at all. The odds are against you. Why do it? Though even a slot machine would be more fun and less expensive than shorting Bitcoin.
i value horizontal support/resistance over literally anything else- if we cannot pass $6900 then it doesn't matter how bullish any indicator is. I've heard people say all sorts of stuff about bullish indicators right near every top for the past 3-4 months. it's a great way to get trapped at the top 

that was a legitimate attempt at $6900, if it tops out and moves down finally, this is exactly what it would look like
just close at $6950 to avoid getting faked out. I am fairly sure it will bust thru $7-7.1k if it hits that
Hah, i thought you were joking.  Never knew it was a real thing.
very little because they own most of the sell orders and buy orders on the books, there will be a minority of orders that are not their own.

after the pump they sell the excess they bought which is why you see the prices fall immediately after the pump.

these pumps are orchestrated between a single 'market maker' 

the same goes for dumps, in reality they are only dumping into their own orders so they aren't actually selling any bitcoins except to a minority of orders.

they will usually buy back the excess they sold which is why you see prices slowly trickle up after one of their massive dumps. 

on average roughly 5-10% of the pumps/dumps are third party sell/buy orders. 
the cyan line has increased the entire time of this time frame. i don't understand either
A market crash signify people are flying to safety (store of value). There is literally no reason why they'd move to crypto.

A market crash is purely emotional. Out of fear. The last one was. Took only some year to beat the ATH records.
That’s so profound - so you’re saying if stocks and the dollar crash and bitcoin appreciates, people would rather have their money in bitcoin? Who would have ever thought.
Thanks. I don't really understand how the "nodes" thing work. But without the internet protocol, as long as we have computers/electricity it should still be ok? Or would the blocks start forking geographically. This blockchain in this city continues and that city uses another. Anyways I don't know if it's worth it to use bitcoin instead of gold or silver in that EXTREME scenario. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_over_Avian_Carriers

Let's hope it never happens. But I'm a bit of a prepper or survivalist or whatever you call it these days.
slow boil is more effective long term actually.

slow boil means people have the chance to decide its def not going higher from here so they can pile on their shorts before they get hit again 
What just happened then?
Dude in my opinion you made two mistakes here which makes the position lost.  
Lowered avg entry way too much.  
You overleveraged.  
Both caused by greed.    
Yeah you might luck out, it might also pop up $500 and kill your profits, or go up $200(resistance) make u close then drop again. You dont know and youre badly positioned for it, aka youre gambling. 
Your profit loss disagrees with you
I was in the same boat as you, short from 7500, not convinced 5700 was the bottom. But I closed on the way back up, because I had too much profit.

I made one failed attempt to reshort that I closed at a loss, but now I'm short from 6715, and I'm pretty comfortable with that entry.
This sub is full of pieces of shit. Let's be real. You guys are fucking assholes for the most part.
This guy is so full of crap it's not even funny. Do the math. It doesn't add up. 

I wish you as small a loss as possible. Next BGD is going to wipe a lot of you guys out.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Big dumps coming soon don’t you worry your little head.

Expecting a 100-150 pump first to liquidate shorts then in the same 15 minute candle the megadump
disagree. volume is roughly the same as July 2017 on Finex...i'm looking at the weekly. monthly looks like June 2017 levels.
Sounds like the stop market may have been too close to your liquidation point. When you get a big candle on Mex, the system often slows to a crawl and by the time your stop actually executes, the price has moved a few hundred dollars.

Stop limits are far less reliable than stop markets. Ive only had a stop market fail once because I was on stupid high leverage.
Not below ~6300, but *around* that range... your interpretation is correct... but I'm [looking at the beginning of the bull impulse at $6330 for completion.](https://www.tradingview.com/x/2C8fNOr1/)  

Personally I don't put a ton of stock into H&S formations as they confirm late in the cycle and are susceptible to abrupt turnarounds at the completion point. 

I've been comparing this latest impulse to the one in April which showcased a H&S that did exactly this.. [take a look.](https://www.tradingview.com/x/Rlhk5lyG/)
because that was the consolidation point when we got rejected from $10,000 before we fell through the floor.

so thats where we'll have a ton of resistance. Its also the point where our descending trendline is looking to be at, so if we break through that that's a double whammy which will confirm the return of a bull market 
I'd say no, that's like re balancing your portfolio. 
I think that happens to all traders though....at least sometime.
Lol I just saw you are the same OP. Have an upvote for your honesty. 

I'm jumping on this train though and will jump off of it tomorrow or day after.  
> cryptowat's 

Ah I looked that up but it looks like a mining operation.  I use RSI on binance since that's my main exchange.
https://www.tradingview.com/x/5IVY3dei

Pretty clear bearish divergence on the Accum/Distribution chart on this recent rally. More downward pressure may be coming soon.
>permly excreted

I enjoy this 
Ya know what’s fucked up about this place? I’m still not sure if you’re trolling.
Have a read through Satoshis original white paper then, you'll probably get rock hard, use your tears of joy for lubrication you crazy motherfucker. 
I like to think he's serious 😀 Because it's the purest comedy godl we're mining at /r/buttcoin
Eyeroll
This actually makes me a little sad :(

But you did, in the edit of your own original post...????

"downvotes prove the bearish bias of all the clueless fish still stuck in shorts or fiat here."
Just as a reference to compare longs/shorts on (12th of April at 5:00 - just before that crazy 1k green dildo and mini bull run).

Longs: 33.5k                 Shorts: 40k

Currently:

Longs: 34.5k                 Shorts: 22k  


Edit: formatting
Yeah sorry, im watching HeikinAshi since a few weeks, it cancels out a lot of noise, so its probably different with candles.
..  have you ever heard of a flag?

Not saying it won't break down. But relatively low volume after any big movement isn't out of the ordinary.
Please define normal.
AFTER people told him told lock in the profits on his short at $6550 haha
But it is definitely not a bear flag.
regardless of whatever happens, I would advise not trading head and shoulders with bitcoin- I really can't remember the last one we've seen play out. in fact, you can generally reverse trade them and be more successful lol
lol not sure if you’re trolling, but it’s honestly very hard to tell where it’s headed at the moment. I’m not about to predict the next move from here. I’m just opening this hedge since I can increase my bitcoin stack on the dip if it goes down, or increase my $$$ stack if it goes up since it will likely introduce a bit more volatility in the market in the short term.
I pay my taxes.
It was a double bottom with the last fakeout/test/spring on August 18th. It wasn't just a sharp drop then an immediate recovery, as you said. It was 250 days of stagnation, shakeout, and torture a.k.a. accumulation
You don't know how to TA. You don't even know what a bull pennant is.
“Even on the way down” - please. Enlighten me how you make money “even more on holding” “even on the way down”.???


Side note - how old are you? Serious question! Are you going to university? 
If 7k doesn't break in the next 12-16 hours I will reconsider the possibility that this is just another fakeout. However, I am fucking shaking right now. I legit think this could be the end of the bear market. 
And do you have any evidence of the things you say? Or is this all speculation?
i assume that people do not tend to close their account. but during the last two weeks the account opening has speed up.
I’d say some fuckery just happened.

Maybe this is the top again
Not crypto.
> or go up $200(resistance) make u close then drop again.

This was my number 1 fear, I've done this a few times with other positions and lost a lot revenge trading from the frustration of missing out. I managed not to do it when we went up to 6780 a few days ago, instead I added to the short lol
Not yet
Did you not see the screenshots I posted? I've been talking about being all-in short for weeks
When plucking numbers out of one's arse, it pays to go Bigly.
Are you a short seller?  Serious question.
His point is that demand can remain constant with decreasing supply and this will also cause upward price pressure. In theory of course....

Bitcoin's supply curve will play out over another 100 years, it is not something you will see in a "AHA" moment. Rather you should see it by looking at the price over the years. True to theory the price has continued on an upward trend since inception... Maybe we are all just losing the forest for the trees.
Im not worried the slightest, its just the fact that there is absolutely no basis for this assumption so its entirely useless and only tries to convince people of some random narrative. 
I hate to say it but I have a feeling you are right
I don’t care if it’s the same as Y month of Z year. I’m just pointing out that it’s increased significantly compared to the last few months. Despite this downtrend, the volume has increased. Take that as you will. I see it as accumulation. To say volume is weak is just a poor observation in our current position... 
Ahhh, thank you for the answer :) I think I will switch now!
I’ve noticed HS and iHS rarely confirm in BTC and more often than not go in the opposite direction. 

Most reliable pattern is the wedge. Also flags. 
Oh, I see now. Yeah, this H&S in April definitely killed some peoples hope. Thank you for explaining :)
Wow, thanks for sharing, that's a cool anomaly.
Ah gotcha, good point on the consolidation under 8600, and then rejection to get past there, I can see that now.

I've got a trendline at about 8500, but imagine by the time we get there it'll be a few hundred less.
>I'm jumping on this train though and will jump off of it tomorrow or day after.

I'd suggest closing on the first strong wick into 7XXX then re-entering a long.   


Don't fight that 3D STOCHRSI. Go with it. Much profit. 
>it looks like a mining operation.

How do you mean? You find the right site?  


[https://cryptowat.ch/markets/bitfinex/btc/usd](https://cryptowat.ch/markets/bitfinex/btc/usd)
good stuff. I find the indicator very useful for detecting acc/dist but sometimes I see totally opposite results depending on the time frame. I tend to think that lower tf  is more accurate for this indicator and even use 1minute tf
[deleted]
he's not, the guy is overleveraged af and opening million dollar contracts on bitmex, he's way overleveraged :'/
I'm not trolling, I have gone through serious trauma the past few months, this is evidenced by most history here and on whalepool. I am a gambler and degen at heart and this will never change, I can become like I am now when I smell blood (money)
Yeah mate, I'm trying to fix my personal life but it's not going well. Bitcoin and trading is pretty much the only thing keeping me going right now
Good point, obviously I was in a frenzy and just ranting but yeah my bad
Sign shorters think we bottomed
I’m short, and even I think this is too early to say this isn’t a bull flag. The fact that everyone’s calling this a sucker’s rally is honestly tempting me to close early.
By that I mean this is not a reversal and we're still in the down trend. Longing here is a bad idea. If anyone been waiting to short, then this is not a bad entry.
Omg that’s the guy from earlier with the 300% profit who everyone was screaming to take profit?  Now he just closed at break even or loss AFTER the pump and went long?  And he’s in big positions no???
Thanks for your insight, I have a LT game plan of holding tbh, but the sight of quick money does tempt me from time to time. I only like to trade if I have a general idea if the risk/reward is in my favour .. I say I like to because in the heat of the moment I've taken to impulse, shame-ably.
To be fair I completely agree. Been on the sidelines the last 3 days. Ill wait till we move out of this range to something more decisive. 
lol this is the exact thing I was talking about in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8wqhds/daily_discussion_saturday_july_07_2018/e1xzrqz/) this morning, /u/bidoun
take a deep breath and re-evaluate, I could be wrong and you could be right- but you just closed a large position at what is possibly a loss or at least a large loss of profit. It's going to be hard for you to see things clearly right now. Give yourself time to think before entering a new trade
Yea man dont make rash decisions right after a big move with the kinda stack your trading with. And NEVER buy the resistance - wait for a break above. Trading 101. 

Cant emphasise what sloppy said anymore.. 
seems thin...
/r/blackmagicfuckery ?
You will have your answer by tomorrow from the looks of the consolidation. Place a stop loss above 6700 and call it a day. You’ll be fine. 
[deleted]
Bearish ascending wedge visible on the 4 hour
Pumping long term is risky because if department of justice comes down you end up being a bigger bag holder. So there’s less rosk in pump, liquidate, short, dump.

Long term pumps require holding the load for days or weeks to dump and nobody knows when the feds knock it all down
Fair enough. Much better expressed than the first time around.
yes its there, but there is so much manipulation, that I like to see it a few hundred bucks above that to confirm 
Thanks. I found cryptowatts....That was the top hit on google lol. This makes a lot more sense.
I am not sure how to respond to this, but I like the conventional wisdom so I shall upvote it. 
Are you for real?  Because if you are, this guy is fking awesome.
Alright man. Hope it works out for u in the end. You know the rest.
I dont know whats happening in your life...but i do know you cant fill that void with something like bitcoin. You need to take emotion out of your trading or its not going to end well - the bottom of this pit aint pretty. Try speaking to someone you trust. Take a breather..... Lotsa money to be made on every swing. Crypto aint going anywhere.  Best of luck. 
Sounds like you need a different perspective on life ~  i suggest travel if you got the time and means.  if you never been to asia then try a lonely planet cheapass backpack of southeast asia:  vietnam, cambodia, laos, thailand, myanmar.......

Best of luck!   And yeh:  go bulls!
Jesus dude....
Personally I disagree and I think you're reaching but for your own sake, I hope you're right!

Good luck out there!
Ya I totally get that - it's fun if you have a plan and don't mind losing a bit if it goes sour. The rewards are potentially pretty large.

But yea, head and shoulders are terrible patterns to trade (for bitcoin). Wedges are generally pretty successful and longer term flags/pennants, with flags generally being more successful imo (4h+)
That was my initial plan, as I’ve been out of position the last couple days as well. I am just leaning slightly bearish enough today with the way alts are going to hedge my balance though. I’m just ready for this to finish consolidating, because I’m not making any money on this price action in either direction.
I cannot agree more, the most i've lost is from over trading and tilted.
Can' really use stops b/c position is too large for mex lol. If its limit it wont get filled if its market theres not enough liquidity to close it will spike too high
Don't sell yourself short.
Sorry but we just had Korea and Europe embracig Blockchain. There is no world in which the Fed is going to crack down on Bitcoin. Should wach the senate hearing on cryptocurrencies If you think different. But yeah, that just confirmed my theorie of you trying to paint some narrative that fits your train of thought.
he admitted he has a gambling problem and is going through personal issues idk if I'd say he's doing great rn 
Awesome or pitiable? This isn't the sort of behavior where you win your bet and then go back to being a happy well adjusted person.
Thats actually exactly what I plan to do once i finish school, have 1 more year left
I'll stick to looking at the descending wedges then :P  
yeah, it is what wrecks everyone...we all seem to be able to pull in a decent profit at some point or another, the hard part is keeping it after getting tilted/going on a loss streak 
Well, shit. Close that bad boy. We’re in a 50/50 consolidation with MACD and RSI approaching neutral on almost every scale. The only indicator we have for movement at the moment is longs outnumbering shorts. Just open up a new one on a breakout. 
Lol how big is the position?
> There is no world in which the Fed is going to crack down on Bitcoin.

i never said feds kracking down on bitcoin.

just some of the major bad actors in bitcoin responsible for pumping and dumping this whole thing and the tether scam, bitcoin itself will be fine 

Great plan ~ it can be a real eye opener and I am confident that it will do wonders for you.

Best of luck.
🐳🐋
