Daily Discussion, May 23, 2018 -- TITLE
RIP McAfees dick, 1945-2020
for those waiting for the dip this is great news for bitcoin. Nice red day everyone
When homeless?
[deleted]
It was fun on the way up when one week felt like a year.  On the way down, it's less fun.
I see , blood , blood on streets, blood on biz,
blood on Reddit....

And I feel...


BUY ZE DIP!
The worst thing about this dip is that it's going to affect Roger Ver's ability to feed imaginary starving children in Venezuela.
I cant wait for  payday to increase my share a little. I still believe in BTC. If the price watchers amongst us look at the flip side of the coin... we're all a bit cynical when we see a big pump in price. We're expecting that dump. Or least I am. Take a look at this large dump today in a similar view. We'd all surely agree that the price of BTC going up steadily over a long sustained period is a better indication of real growth than a sudden spike. Apply the same to sudden dips. It's not steadily falling in price over a long period of time. BTC is decentralised and so are the sentiments people have for it. IMO, this isn't the end, its an opportunity. 
Fucking hell I bought at 9300 what the fuck Bitcoin 
when lada?
"Round the world and home again

That's the sailor's way

Faster, faster, faster faster

There's no earthly way of knowing

Which direction we are going

There's no knowing where we're rowing

Or which way the river's flowing

Is it raining, is it snowing

Is a hurricane a-blowing

Not a speck of light is showing

So the danger must be growing

Are the fires of Hell a-glowing

Is the grisly reaper mowing

Yes, the danger must be growing

For the rowers keep on rowing

And they're certainly not showing

Any signs that they are slowing"


[Wondrous Boat Ride](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMFNQDtGin8)
Do you think we will ever see a $10,000 Green Dildo? 
Let's see. Hmm... so far, 2018s been nothing but dog shit for the crypto market and yet so many people here are constantly egging on everyone to buy cryptos so that they won't have to suffer the consequences alone. It's better to have more people share the same problems as you so more people will start to care and do something about it, right? 

Decisions, decisions. 
$1  - $20,000 by friday
Buy the Dip. Getting tired of this shit. But the dip so smart people can sell....yes buy the fucking dip
What a drop! 
Bitcoin is choke city today
I just bought a little more... 😀
Thanks for the investment advice guys. Now my kid has to eat beef broth cubes for next 3 months.
what a load of donkey spunk crypto is.
dickline in at 10k

More volume in last few hours than we had in last days. 
More like bull shit 🐂💩
C'MON BITCOIN!!! YOU CAN DO IT!
McAffee's dick line just crossed $10k today. Where are all the celebratory $10k memes? [https://dickline.info/](https://dickline.info/)
**I see:**

- Movement

- Volume

- Action

& shitcoins being wasted - look at the state of Bcash.

**Good for Bitcoin**

Viva la resistance!!!!!
well, there goes support
Time for a good ol’ beating
Dropping so quick, hopefully we get a rebound. 
lol, at least bitcoin dominance is going back up
lol here we go again...
What type of emotion are we at?
Making more people homeless than ever before! 
Cease and desists are coming...just look at ship chain. 
Am keeping calm and holding! This shit happens too regularly to panic 
Satoshi just texted me. We going down.
Anyone still hoping to buy below 6K, keep dreaming. This is Bogdanov messing with you. Making you think this time it will happen, and it never does. 
If you don’t own crypto and you “participate” in this room at all... your life is sad. 
[deleted]
Sales on BRDs! Get 'em while they're hot at Goblin Town Inn
it's time to pray
[This was today's talk for many pro-traders... probably...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1e1iiUIZxQk)
did it died... again?
Battle for 7600 is legit on Gdax
i really like tom lee https://www.cnbc.com/2018/05/23/as-bitcoin-plunges-mega-bull-tom-lee-stands-by-his-25000-target.html
Btc makes people contradict ourselves. Me for example I hope the price goes up so I can see my investment make a profit. But also hope the price drops so I can buy more coins. Other people invest in btc but then say btc is a scam. lol The one that gets me are the ones who are invested but when the price is dropping they sell, and then when the price starts to go up they buy back in. WTF Lol Anybody else wanna chime in with some contradicting stories.
Hold Hold Hold
Watching on gdax as literally ONE person with 50 BTC single-handedly drives the BTC price from 7500 to 7370... over the course of about 5 minutes.  By doing this:

Put up a sell order for 50 BTC at the lowest boundary.
Wait a couple seconds!
See if anybody panic sells.
No?  No one panic sold?
Okay.  Remove the sell order.
Wait a couple seconds!
Put the exact same sell order back up.  Repeat.

Eventually, someone gets intimidated by the big red block and panic sells, which causes more people to panic sell.  Meanwhile the 50 BTC guy is just moving his sell order down every time, but never actually selling any of HIS btc.

His stash is perfectly intact -- he will sell his later -- while everybody else loses their minds and loses all their coin.

Sigh. :(
any news for this ridiculous dump ??
Watch known Bcash fraud Craig Wright get humiliated at a conference in Taiwan. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfOlE-mmYBo
Just keeps going down... This is getting entertaining now. I like the suspense waiting for the bottom to hit. Keep going down and buy!!! Too easy.
I wish people would stop buying all these shitcoins and just stay in BTC like the old days...
I was promised a Lambo, but this looks more like limbo :(
I am out. I am tired of this shit market. I have held since $100 BTC. Im done. Selling everything today. Good luck everybody.
This is so good for Bitcoin.  Volume is way up. 
HODLERs during BTC dump in a nutshell: "Buy now so you can lose money by having an astronomically small impact on the market to keep BTCs stable." Tsk tsk. 

 
Well, that was it. That was the dip. I hope you all got some cheap coins. I did.

It's going up now.
I just sold some stock to be ready to buy some more bitcoin once it hits bottom. 
*In my opinion*, we just reached the end of the E wave of the corrective trend and will start a new market cycle with Wave 1 very soon. 

--

Look here at "Horizontal Triangles". The highest point is our "All time high".

http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.php?id=chart_school:market_analysis:identifying_elliott_wave_patterns#horizontal_triangles

--

On the 4h chart:

https://i.imgur.com/CWyinXa.png

--

>**Wave 1**: Wave one is rarely obvious at its inception. When the first wave of a new bull market begins, the fundamental news is almost universally negative. The previous trend is considered still strongly in force. Fundamental analysts continue to revise their earnings estimates lower; the economy probably does not look strong. Sentiment surveys are decidedly bearish, put options are in vogue, and implied volatility in the options market is high. Volume might increase a bit as prices rise, but not by enough to alert many technical analysts.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliott_wave_principle
25k by end of June. 
Have been holding for half a year now . Do you guys think it will go back up to 15k anytime soon ?
Lambo discount is on
Let's hope the $7,300 support doesn't break. I still keep HODLing despite this dump and waiting to buy some more when the time feels right. #BuyTheDip
This is at least good for word of mouth.  CHEAP Coin 
who else bought more on that dip?
Bitcoin is the future. I dont care what anyone says. If you look at the way we communicate with each other it has changed over the years. Even how we get information, and how we listen to music, so why is the way we pay for things going to stay the same forever? Its not. I have noticed when people dont understand how something works they say its a scam. But how is being in control of your finances a scam. Its not. So if you are invested in bitcoin for the tech or to get rich well this is your chance to buy more, and if you are looking for the price to go up so you can break even just sell now and save yourself the heartache. #buy the dips #bitcoin is the future.
[removed]
[deleted]
LOWER.
I hope everyone is noticing that any pro btc comments get downvotes. SHORTS GONNA GET REKT SOON!!!
Below 5000 not out of the question at this point...couple of more big dumps and were there
This is healthy.   A substantial correction to clear out all the mal investment.   Then next year, clean slate

BTC heading towards double bottom :P
Will GDAX volume get close to 20,000 today?
Part of me is happy for those recovering their losses in this sell off. The other bigger part is sad they won’t be around to enjoy the ride. 
someone make it stop. there's still trading desks coming from GS and the NYSE parent company.  Lots of things planned ahead, this is just a day of bullshit, nothing to see here.
I wonder what Asia is gonna do with bitcoin
At what price does mining become unprofitable? 
BTC: (4-hr 1): https://i.imgur.com/zW8hsF9.png

BTC: (4-hr 2): https://i.imgur.com/YVeTdWI.png

BTC (Weekly): https://i.imgur.com/OhwfIBl.png

BTC (Daily): https://i.imgur.com/Uxjw3Zk.png
____
**Ten Thousand Tease**

**https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8hdhjn/2018_cryptocurrency_crash_elliott_wave_ten/**
I have my buy order set for 3k ^_^.
A little "makeup pump" would be nice now...
At least my 401k made more money than my Bitcoin in the last 8 months 
Just get it over with and crash to 3.5 k and still stop wasting our time I am tethered and want to double up. 
**bitconnectttttt**
Woof here she goes. HODL on tight
The fundamentals on the yearly chart still look good.  Might go to $7300 or so.  Stop looking at hourly charts and take a breath.  


[deleted]
I’m good with today being over 
On the bright side, this dip might cause hardware wallets to fall down to the $50-$60 range again
Any truth to the rumour that this dip was set up for the institutional buyers to get a lot of coin?
Good news in this red...bitcoin is still up 230% from one year to date.  Where else are you going to earn that kind of ROI (return on investment)?  A good stock broker might get you 6-10%.  For those of you who bought high...welcome to cryptoland.  Just wait it out or sell to the wiser investor.
Bitcone...BITcone.. BITCONE GOING TO THE Mcenter of the fucking earth by the looks of it
6k BTC calling it. 
This is good for Bitcoin.
This is just a temporary pullback, it's part of the healthy correction. No need to panic.
Here's the probability that Bitcoins will be worth less within the next 10 to 100 years from now:

It's not 0%.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Someone must be dumping. I can't find any news relating to why bitcoin is crashing.
$7,637.22 shack out is real.
Any good bcash memes y'all can share? I need a laugh.
Is this the bottom
You can't do bears! You don't have the power!
Just bought more :) mmm yuumy dips
Obviously everyone in this sub has either tethered or is shorting btc. 
Going under 2500-4500 by Friday. 
[removed]
Heres my theory, btc will drop to low sub 1k, by then a quantum computer will have claim to crack/decrypt all cryptocurrency.  Crypto will goto 0 or close, and thats it.
The cash out was in december 2017.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8kbqn7/daily_discussion_may_18_2018/dz78sh0/
damn this guy does livestreams every day basically spreading the word of btc.. are you guys aware? pretty cool, anything that promotes btc is good for the community  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNGnWeU38gg 
Stabilized my ass, Black Thursday pt 2 everybody run for your lives! 
Black Mirror Season Finale
Good news everyone!
I think we’re just getting started

when you sell your house
Love this. Parody of when moon? This is good stuff.
Imagine how I feel about buying at 10k, expecting a bull run. Wasn't very much though so I'm good.

Hodl and wait it out.
[deleted]
I bought in at $15k. Now I averaged down to $9,5k. 

I don't really like it. I would have preferred to buy in 100% now. But it's ok. I'm pretty sure it'll go up again. Bitcoin is here to stay.
The market needs this - it was full of shit.

Just hold on.
Start buying in again when we hit between $2500-$3500.
Stupid question, but how do you buy Bitcoins? I'm planning to buy if it dips below 7k.
Bitcoin only spiked > 10% last year 10 days.  Of course a few of those days were really big but who am I.  I’ll be over here holding Coin .... 
ill buy at 2k
Well, the starving kids are not imaginary, unfortunately. Vers sincerity is though.
Yeah. Great. Bought ath at 17k. Don't worry. In 5years you'll be happy you bought.
Well, you got baked :/

So you bought two weeks ago and didn't expect a bumpy ride? What the fuck /u/getbaked318
I bought at 9400 dude.
when ~~lada~~  fiat?
Best post on here
bend over and find out
Actually I do agree. Everyone that is considering not HODLing is being spit at just for even mentioning the thought of selling at one time. Well I sold some a few days ago after refreshing my charts every 5 minutes.... Now you may destroy me with your comments. Why am I being stupid to sell now and buy back at a lower price? For now it stopped me from losing a few k. If I buy back at current rate and it goes back to 8500 let's say next week I did a good job in my eyes...
Those claiming they got into it because of the technology... don't make me laugh...
If you love the technology then take some programming courses and get a job in the industry. That'll make you way more happy.
2018 is not going to be a repetition of 2017 for Bitcoin... 
True if big
$20,000? You’re crazy. It will clearly be $1 million by Friday and anybody owning a single Bitcoin will be a millionaire.
"Buy the dip!"   over and over, till there are very few people left who have the resources or desire to buy the damn dips.
Dude... Garlic or Jalapeño?
Same...
Should have waited. 6k coming
Wow... if you came to /r/bitcoin for investment advice you came to the wrong place buddy... so sorry for your kids :( This aint over yet...
back to /r/tendies for you!
Bougie 
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8ll0o2/here_we_go_again/
A lot of sells, then a lot of buys? :D
I see: 

- bowel movements

- dumping

- panic selling

All coins being wasted 


[Lives On!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LonKGuS9uuQ)

(Don't forget... Blame Canada!)
Next support is 7300. Doubt we're breaking that trend line.
Just an overshoot. *Hopefully...*

The support line in my chart is at 7750. If we don't get back there soon, I'll be worried.
Will he eat it in a bun, like hot\-dog, grill it or stir fry diced?
A glass box of it
I feel nothing
Emotionless
Painfully numb.
I dont care the price anymore thats it, no emotion, AI! :D
Denial or possibly anger
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8ll0o2/here_we_go_again/
Huh 
Wrong!

You're only supposed to hodl.
Would you go so far as to say, ["This means we'll never see prices below $6K for a very long time, if ever."](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8gp81v/daily_discussion_may_03_2018/dydzk9l/?context=3).

(I'm joking (mostly), just making the point that future predictions are questionable)
Someone said that to me once; only it was about dropping back under $10k - apparently I was dreaming.

I loled then too.

It’ll go down even lower within a year. Probably bottoming between $2500 - $ 3500.
there people waiting for 7k also
i think it will not break that 6k market it will start to bounce back
I don't own crypto,  I participate,  my life is not sad.  I'm comfortably retired 6 blocks from the ocean in CA.  I consider this a free hobby / form of entertainment.  Worst you can say is I'm frugal!


Nothing wrong with enjoying a bit of Schadenfreude here and there
Yes. The technology is progressing. 

Lightning network is well underway. Regulation is being put into place. 

As more participants enter the market, volatilty will decrease.

It will take a few years, though.
No.  It's a fantasy created to induce FOMO.
I will like him an awful lot if time proves him correct. 
He's full of shit.  

Go through his history and you will see him inventing a new bullshit every time he's proven wrong (which is incidentally, 100%). 
I dont understand.. why would he not sell yet try and drive the price down? It makes sense if he was to short but youre saying he isnt?? 
Tea leaves are aligned with the stars and planets tonight. Didn't you get the memo?
I thought naming and shaming was against Reddit rules? Bwahhh, this place is so poisoned... 
People are crazy to sell now, btfd
The bottom was more than 3 months ago! Onward and upward! 
It’s up 242% in 12 months.  
Hmm ..... no permabull claiming that this is a "correction"?
Look at the prices. They do. Altcoins are taking a *very* heavy hit right now. I'm just glad I moved to 100% Bitcoin a week ago.
A lot of value are going from the alts into bitcoin right now.
Pinto 
Lol
But what are you going to check online when you wake up in the morning? The news?
Lying 
lol you should know better, shouldn't you?!
Pics or it didn't happen.
Really? Held since $100? I strongly doubt that...if it's true, you would have seen way bigger losses in the past and sold out a long time ago. Just hold it and forget about it for a couple more months. 
you are about to sell the low, this is going to snap back hard. All the big whales are buying when the people who get scared start selling. 

why not sell half and then just put the rest on ice and forget about it for the next...6 months, year, three years?
I'm not sure if I should be happy for you, or sad. either way, less stress is always a good thing. if was fun for a little while, right?
See ya, close the door on your way out 
You will be sad in a year about this decision 
What the hell does that even mean...held since $100 BTC? (1) He has $100 in BTC which is nothing compared to people who have thousands like myself or millions. (2) He bought BTC at $100 and held since which would be a very nice return on his investment being that BTC is $7500 today. Or (3) he lost $100 in BTC value this selling out. Whatever he is saying makes absolutely no sense.
A little reminder for you:

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/85ae3r/comment/dvwg2cl?st=JHN3LQHO&sh=20cb0ae4
[deleted]
Hehe, nope, still bleeding out.
tell me where the bottom is so I can join you.
McAfee's June prediction agrees with you.
https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/999004273794002944
...Not at this rate. We just dropped below my DCA, which makes me sad. But this just ensures that I really will be in this for the long term HODL strategy. 
Yes! This year.
No more likely 300k soon 
No...we can’t even break, let alone hold $10k....there’s no catalyst on the horizon (apart from the hearsay that ‘big money’ is going to enter the space). The hype died around the time you bought...it may return, but not until something major and newsworthy occurs...perhaps lightning. Despite the Tom Lee, McAfee, Draper moon predictions, nobody knows what the price will do...including me and everyone else.
wow. I think it will reach fist the 10k market and if that happen I will be happy
I'm hoping to get a used Ford Pinto out of this.  
Mr. Noodles prices
Just buy when it’s 3k.
Yeap.  Sell the crash ... it's still going down.
Bought a bit @ 7,550-ish!
Savor the sweet dip for me.  I bit on the run up to 10k.  Gosh damnit!
They are over 1,000 alts and most of them have the same or superior tech.

And let's stop pretending that BTC is valuable because it will become a mainstream currency.  Fact is that it's no longer used as a currency and is now nothing more than a speculation tool.
Are you serious? 

I'll give you my view on bitcoin.  

In 2009 when it was worth pennies I was sitting in my college dorm thinking about buying $10-20 worth until my girlfriend (now wife) told me I was an idiot. Looking back at it, we both wish we did. From that point up until about 2-3 weeks ago I never really cared much for it besides checking up on it. 

Wife wanted to make a purchase with btc so we started looking into how it really worked, got a wallet, bought some, etc. Now that I've dipped my toe in it, what's my opinion of it? It's a scam. 

Why? 

* One of the bigger reasons people went into cryptocurrency were to get away from the "corrupt banks" but it's no different. Everything you do has a fee associated with it, way more than any bank has ever done. 

* Speaking of fees, it'll never be widely accepted as a currency. Buy btc? 3% fee. Sell btc? 3% fee. Send to a wallet? 3% fee. By the time you buy it, send it to a wallet and purchase something you're already out 5%+ in fees and that's not even taking into account that it could have plummeted in the time it took for it all to process.

* Oh, processing times you say? Yea, I deposited money into a broker on the 12th and I can't even touch my btc until tomorrow. 9 business days to be able to use my "currency" and that's not even including the time it'll take to actually send it to the next person. Are there faster ways? Yea, but that'll be more fees. 

* It's no where near anonymous. Everything I've dealt with required banking information, driver's license and/or passport to "verify your ID". 

* Verification is also useless. You have to provide all this information to verify your identify but if you lose one little code you're locked out of your wallet with the excuse of "Sorry, we can't risk giving you access to the wallet. That $XXXX is lost." You want all this information to verify I am who I say I am but you can't use it to let me back into my wallet?

* Being "in control" means nothing when wallets have been hacked several times already. Sure, you could keep everything yourself but then you risk actually losing it. Also several sketching wallets out there that have just taken the money and ran with it. 

I hate to break it to you, but bitcoin it's the future. It's the internet version of Mary kay or cutco knives. That's it. It's entire existence is companies using it as a way to make money from applying fees to everything and people circlejerking about how it's the future in hopes more people buy it so their investment is worth more. 

If people want to discuss bitcoin as a "investment", that's fine but lets stop pretending it's going to an actual currency.
so funny.
that is why it is dropping some more? :)
The only bottom is yours, which you've pulled this prediction from.
Yup
lol
Agreed - but it won't take a year.
You mean next month? :P
Triple bottom?
Just under 16k now.  #shameful
Make what stop?


You don't think those desks are for shorting against sucker bets?
Asia is where Bitcoin is boosted more than anywhere else tbh.
depends on where are you from, due to electricity cost
It's already been that way for ages.
Garbage fud, you made all that up, those charts do not make sense at all.
Filled it
You better check your numbers again.  8 months ago to the day bitcoin was around $3773.  Today we are looking at $7570 - that's a 200% ROI in eight months.  Please tell me what your 401K was invested in to make more than 200% in eight months because I have never heard of that.  
I only watch tick charts; need the action.
What fundamentals?
That’s ok, we knew already.
Yeah, I was going to give everyone last Saturdays winning Powerball numbers, but I forgot.
And mining hardware too.

lawl
You guys are so full of conspiracy shit.

The simpler reason is that people lost confidence when BTC couldn't break out of 10k and decided to take profit.
Probably. Everyone is expecting institutional buyers to just press the buy button and a massive green dildo appears. Ofcourse not, they will pump/dump and short btc until they got what they want from the newbies.
It'd be difficult to set that up...what'd they do convince others to sell?  I think the big money is staying particularly quite in an effort to spook the market.  Volume has dried up and weak hands are nervous. Investors expected a big rally of Consensus2018 and didn't get it. The "smart" money knows they longer they stay away the more the weak hands will bail out and take the market lower where they can scoop it up in a fire sale.  This is 100&#37; theory and I have nothing to back it up.  Simply what my gut is telling me.
No, dude....no
That's what I think.  
The Titanic once ran smoothly too, but that doesn't mean it didn't sink.

You can zoom out all you want, but past does not equal future.
That's why it's called a bubble and now it's deflating.
Been calling it, but get downvoted.
Makes the comeback that much sweeter
Healthy correction for 5 months.. cmon you can do better..!!

GDAX/Coinbase
Gemini is great, but there is a 1% fee for both maker and taker.
Or not... lol

That would require a capital injection of massive proportions. Why would anyone do that when there's a risk that miners may start shutting down their rigs if mining becomes unprofitable?
Look around . People are panicking and the gamblers are leaving. The worst retrace Bitcoin ever had was in 2014 and that was 80% Peak to trough. We have had a 70% retrace already happen. A repeat of 2014 would put us down in the 4s. There is no logical or technical argument for that happening but it doesn't mean that it won't. It's quite possible 2018 will be an extended bottoming process. You need a lot of people to give up. When that happens and the price cannot be pushed any lower you're going to see a lot of confidence with the stronger hands. Right now I think they are hunting to see if 6500 is truly the bottom
ya why's it goin down? i sold a bit at 8400. but still hodl my main pile till the storm's over.
Sir this seat is reserved for the disabled.

Bcash is the real Bitcoin.

Sorry to bother you sir.
http://isthisthebottom.com
1200 is the bottom. Soon
It feels like its stabilised .. But then again wtf do I know 😂
ha
this is a bot it needs to be banned
Wrong and wrong. 
Bad theory 
Ghay ...
Theories are methodical and analytical. This is your opinion. And it’s shit 
11.7k checking in R.I.P. my 2017 gains
I was like yeah this bitch is going to soar once it hits 10....Better wait for the 9700 dip before buying though. 
You wanna see crazy prices? Check out our sofa liquidation sale now on!! These prices can't be beat..
Best price in town or your money back!
Stock price is irrelevant. It's only a reflection of supply and marketcap. Nobody would think it was crazy if we were talking hundreds of millions of coins and $9.00 vs. $7.50.  
What is your price target then?
'pretty sure' 

😂
next time you may average at 4k$
Only losers average losers 
"Im planning"; are you really though?
Might get downvotes to hell but use coinbase or Gemini. I've used coinbase for about 8 months now without any problems. Most of my buys are instant from bank account. 
Good fucking luck, I think you'll be dead if old age before that happens
Ha.ha. Maybe but I think it is very impossible to reach that bottom
I’ll start buying at that bottom too. Previous parabolic BTC price movements show a 80%-90% retraction from that moments ATH. In this case that means we should bottom out between $2500-$3500.
[deleted]
Bruh 
My friend bought at 17k haven't heard from him since
we still have 7 months ahead....
And when there are no more people to buy the dips, that is when the price will start to increase.
That new jalapeno lime almond dip tho
Then I'll buy moar.
Come on - that was unsustainable:

Bitcoin Diamond gaining 50%?; shitcoins left, right and center gaining 10s of percent in hours?  Completely unknown coins gaining 200%!

There was NO WAY, that could continue.  It was pure gambling.

We may be in for a poor time - but at least the honest coins will prevail.

Hardly **anyone** was buying on the basis of technology.  Just gambling.

Well now the bottom is falling out, and the proper, **honest** coins will rise.

It had to happen mate.

I would rather it hadn't happened - but it **had to**, on the basis of logic.

*And*

**It is good for Bitcoin**

**:)**

Edit: I edited it.


https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8ll0o2/here_we_go_again/
yea, there's a lack of support between 7300-7700. Last time it was at those prices, it took the elevator down and elevator up between those levels. I'm afraid to even buy the dip there because of lack of support.
Well, start worrying...
I love it when they shove someone's reply back in their face :)

Yea but your here for financial advice lol.
You seem legitimate.  You can stay ;)
Was impressed with the speed and mining fees compared to literally 3 months ago 
Why don't you find something positive in your life?
We all know your views on Bitcoin now, if you don't like it go and find something you do like.
the same dudes are placing buy orders for anyone that panic sells.
If you try to drive the price down, it's because you want to BUY. If you want to sell, you need the price to be as high as possible. 

Especially when you already have 50btc.
Maybe he has another large short order to close?
There is no rule against shaming frauds like Craig Wright and his associates. There are a lot of scammers in this space, and people deserve to know about them. Otherwise, they will continue scamming other innocent people. 
I think if they do that, instead of gaining they will lost, better to hold it for a while
Why not?  If they bought at a much lower price, it's not a bad idea.
And it's down 60% since Dec. 
You bought in December and it still hurts don't it? 
I keep hesitating the move, and now I am on the fence.  Do I really want to accept these losses now and move back to full BTC, or do I weather the storm in the hopes that the alts pick up steam and outgain BTC on the recovery and then make the move.  My paralysis on this decision has been costly.
Lol no it's not who the fuck would sell into btc And not Sell to usdt ?
Subtract two wheels and your closer. A Huffy.
gross lol
News about BTC sir
I am tired and just completely worn down. I dont need this stress anymore. Nothing but manipulation and scumbag bad actors. 
Do I sound like I care what you doubt? I am telling you that im a long time holder and im tired of this fucked market so im cashing all my shit out. Do what you want with that information.
Dont even care anymore. 
Alright will do. Enjoy your .1 BTC
Held since 100 you dildo 
Every sell order has a buy order.
I was making fun of these people that always try to find the silver lining and won't ever admit Bitcoin is a pile of shit. 
Wish I knew. This drop makes no sense to me considering the bitcoin news has generally been positive lately.   Still so many weak hands left apparently panic selling for no reason 
Isn't he great? someone willing to eat his own dick if wrong. Everyone should do such a thing; once in a while ;)

Well, I'm not so sure about his timetable. It could rise a bit slower, but it'll start to rise round about now...
[**@officialmcafee**](https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/)

> [2018-05-22 19:09 +00:00](https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/999004273794002944)

> The McAfee Short Term Predictions: 

>[[Attached pic]](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dd0tFQeUwAEevTy.jpg) [[Imgur rehost]](https://i.imgur.com/3rfA1ky.jpg)

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact&#32;creator]](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source&#32;code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)[**^[Donate&#32;to&#32;keep&#32;this&#32;bot&#32;going]**](https://www.paypal.com/pools/c/80YvGrbq35)[^[Read&#32;more&#32;about&#32;donation]](http://np.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/7pwo2m/heres_an_interesting_one_league_source_says/dsmirtu/)

The key is to never buy bitcoin when it's above $1k.
Even my additional 0.031 BTC I bought this AM probably won't hold it up.
A bitcoin ETF might be the catalyst, IF it is announced this year..
The funny thing is that if you want to buy bitcoin at above $10k you can just buy GBTC
Hey! That's a very good car!
You can expect a retracement from 10k and for sure a bigger one when it hits 20k. It's up to you how to handle these situations; sell and buy at a better price to increase your holding or just stare at the screen and spam r/bitcoin. This is no financial advice and no; I'm not going to eat my dick ;)

none of them have the same level of decentralization 
But are they decentralised?...


When a lot more people buy it then price will eventually stabilize and it could be used as a currency as well as a store of value.  Right now it is mainly an instrument for price speculation. 
And do they have the same POW as btc? The same level of safety? Or are you one of those Verge investors that gets rekt by 51% attacks? No thanks.
You sound like some one who is invested in it but still talk bad about it. I bet you go to the casino and put your chips on red and black. Lol. Have you ever tried to buy something with bitcoin, the concept behind it will catch on its awesome, yeah it needs some upgrades but its new technology.
You might consider actually using Bitcoin the way it was designed, not the way wallet services and exchanges are designed.
&nbsp;

Regarding the 3% fees, I think you are referring to what something like Coinbase charges, which is a service that isn’t actually Bitcoin but instead is a convenience provider. Use Bitcoin itself and don’t pay 3% at every turn.
&nbsp;

As for a nine-day hold on a broker account, I am assuming this means a trading exchange, which again is not an indictment of Bitcoin itself, as a trading exchange is a speculative trading tool to day-trade—it’s not actually utilizing the Bitcoin system and abstracts from your actual usage of it (and if your only interface with Bitcoin is via an exchange, you definitely aren’t interacting with the network itself).
&nbsp;

As for your point about anonymity, “everything you’ve dealt with” that asks for your IDs and such: Those services or products are not Bitcoin. Bitcoin as an open source network does not require a name, email address, phone number, mailing address, bank account, citizenship proof, or photo to use. Anyone who sits on the bridge and says you do is capitalizing on your ignorance. In fact, you don’t even need an internet connection to receive bitcoin as payment, amazing no?
&nbsp;

As for verification, if you are asking someone else to let you “back into my wallet,” my good friend: This is not Bitcoin. Bitcoin from the first sentence of its design paper specifically intends for you to never have to ask someone to let you access your money. If you are asking someone to let you access your money, doesn’t it occur to you that you therefore don’t own that balance? Bitcoin means you permissionlessly own your money.
&nbsp;

As for hacked wallets, I think you are confusing wallet services that you sign into with all of the aforementioned identifications versus actual Bitcoin wallet addresses where you are the sole owner of its private key, or in the case of multisig, its trio of private keys.
&nbsp;

Before you put sarcastic quotes around “in control,” suggesting Bitcoin doesn’t let you be in control of your money, perhaps you should try using Bitcoin—itself—and not rely on all of the middleware abstracting you from exactly what you wish it was. Make your wallet, own your keys.
Sounds like you need to do some more research my friend.
Soooooo the 20th most powerful currency really isn’t? What the hell did you learn I college all this time? Sure wasn’t statistics/ kryptography/ supply and demand.
Meanwhile my banking system went down when I wanted to get some takeout online. Payed with bitcoin in 2 seconds while it was down. Are you getting paid for writing stuff like this? 
Keep going. 6k is bottom
[deleted]
6700 is bottom imho
No sign of buyers it wouldn't take much 
Or next week?
Yes.  $6600 - $6800 is possible.
This is high volume compared to the last few weeks.
*IT!*
I hope all these shorting asshole get wrecked again today.
He wasn't talking about percentages...
My computer says 7500 8 months ago from a bookmark 
If you had one iota of respect.... 
Sorry not to clarify, the fundamentals of technical analysis.  In other words, on a yearly chart we are still seeing growth and it hasn't broke any major support lines.  Now, if it dips below $6400 then we would say that it has broken the yearly trend line we will make decisions from there.  
For someone who claims to have made $1.2 million from BTC you seem to be very negative about it.  
Set up a sell wall and incremental buys at lower prices, trigger panic selling to yourself, keep pushing sell wall lower. 
you get all that from your gut? all I get is i'm hungry 
You're right, thepast does not equal the future, however, many smart investors look at daily charts and when looking at daily charts the technical analysis still looks good.  This is the difference between guys who make a lot and guys who scream the sky is falling.  I have done quite well by looking at daily charts and not overreacting to corrections.  I know the point when I will agree that the ship is sinking - as people have been saying for years.  We haven't reached there yet.  
If you go back and read this forum four years ago there was the same exact people saying the same exact things.  And guess what?  Those people would have been filthy rich today if they would have stopped fudding and just bought in.  
[deleted]
my theory is that the mt. gox trustee is dumping. A week ago there was news of him moving the bitcoins.
I bought at 8400. Life sucks right now.
Yes, trash the disabled... very mature. 
Lol that's great never seen that before! Bookmarking that one rofl
Do you have a better one?
I didn't wait. serves me right
[deleted]
Well, nothing is 100% certain. Is it?
Yeah. I've seen enough to know it'll eventually go back up then eventually go back down again. I'd just sell it once it hits 9.5
Thank you
The COO is about to make a big announcement in like 5 minutes, so hold off on that.
Besides coffee, beer and virgins are there bitcoins in heaven?
Why?  It was less than 2k last year and there's absolutely no reason why it can't go down to that price.
Well don't use that money to buy virtual coins. 
GetBaked you sound like an idiot. Bitcoin isn’t free money. It’s an extremely volatile cryptocurrency investment. You should not be investing money you need to pay bills for. You should have money set aside and only invest what you can afford to lose. That said, how much money do you need for your bills? Perhaps, I could send you some money to help.
Why did you gamble your bill money?
Look, you have two choices. Either you sell now and prevent further losses in the case it continues to go down, or you hodl and hope for the best...
yes we do...
My man.
We all love to think that BTC is special.

But other than brand, every crypto is the same.  They are just tokens being speculated on the exchanges.
Buy now, stop limit at 7300.
Well, I *am* worried a bit. But I'm willing to give it 1-2 days...
He's certainly not here for English advice.
The Bitcoin bouncer has spoken 😆
yeah....cuz no one is using it now compared to then LOL
On the contrary, I love BTC.  Already taken 1.2m off the table.

Why do you think I don't like it?  Just because I don't subscribe to looney ideas like BTC replacing fiat or becoming the de facto payment system?


It's all relative to their original buy price and there is zero guarantee that the price will go higher.
uhhh derp. i'm talking about the panic sellers who bought higher. this fucking sub.
I bought in October, November, December, January, February, March, April, May, 

It's called DCA and someday I'm gonna be totally broke or totally wealthy. Either one is fine. Money is an illusion. 
I lost count of the number of times I bought or short.
There can be only one.
Some might still do that... including nvidia.. 

But you still have to buy BTC to buy tether or tax tokens or whatever.. 

ah come on, don't you remember that crazy feeling, this rush of adrenaline through your veins everytime the price went up? just a little more time and.... your addiction will be satisfied again.
haha you're a fucking moron. Any intelligent investor wouldn't make blanket statements like this during a crash. Get the fuck out with your weak hands you make me sick.
lol :D good for you I'v been here since 2014 and bought at 400e but why so emotional? just cant figure out why people get so rekt from dips. If you have been here since 100$ btc you should know that this is normal behavior it goes up and down :D But seriously its good to take profits :) 
why don't you just HODL and check back in 2 years then, you will be kicking yourself. Everyone always worries about price when there is so much awesome stuff going on behind the scenes in crypo. If you're in crypo you should be in it for the long term potential not profits
Enjoy your 0 BTC
[deleted]
>Bayminer

Don't you remember the guy who ate his left ball when Bitcoin hit 10K? Shit was disturbing and I fancy my balls so I did not watch it, have had enough gore in my life already.
what does that even mean, eat your own dick?
affordable https://www.walmart.com/c/kp/lamborghini-toys
This. As of now, because of its decentralization, it's the safest crypto.
So?  You are just parroting a marketing line.  Tell us the impact?
Sigh.  Most are forks of BTC.  
Dude, I can buy whatever I need using a credit card or a host of new cashless payment services.

BTC is trying to re-invent the wheel and failing to do it.  
Even if the whole world switches to crypto (big if) we don't know which currency will take over.
HODL but also pay for takeout amiright?
Lmao see you at 6.8 in 72hours
....and it's down again:  USD 7541 and falling.
2500-3500 is the ultimate bottom... wont hit it this drop though, but within the year we will.
Or tomorrow?
Percentage gains are literally all that matters
It didn't hit that high until Nov. 15th, 2017 which was only 6 months ago.  So, yes, if you bought on that date then your 401k might be doing better.  
I'm real about it, not negative.
Be careful out there...https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-24/bitcoin-manipulation-is-said-to-be-focus-of-u-s-criminal-probe
Smart investors don’t just look at charts and extrapolate, which is what most bitcoin “technical analysts” are doing it seems. 

Smart investors also look at 1. the reasons behind the changes, 2. the true value of the product, and 3. the trend in the product’s use by the public, etc. 

We can see by now that 1. The reason for the spikes were hype, hence bubble. 2. The true value of the product is pretty much nothing since the average Joe doesn’t need it as a currency, and everyone is using it as speculation. And 3. The general public is not adopting it — I don’t know anyone who makes purchases using bitcoin, when credit cards, pop money, Venmo, etc., already suffice. 

Bitcoin is rapidly becoming a laughing stock; its reputation is now simply that of a gambling tool and a means of manipulation by scammers. Its holders are simply zoom–out delusionals, greater-fool hopefuls, and fanatics. 
Sure.  Go buy and hodl.  Nothing stopping you.
It depends from miner to miner. [But the profitability is falling, yes.](https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/bitcoin-mining_profitability.html#6m)
Yes, he's market dumping 1000s of BTC at once because he's a complete moron and wants to minimize profit by crashing the market.  
Jesus, do you guys ever try to think before you post?
Yes, talk down to the immature... very disabled.
Meh - that's not going away for a long time. 99% of the shit people do is based on fiat. Nobodies wrapping their head around what .004535353252 BTC actually means. Maybe when millions of people start using crypto to pay rent, bills and groceries we'll see a change.
That's my point :)

I don't think you can 'pretty sure' either.


Insightful one you are
But you don't know. So don't invest recklessly. If I *knew* something was going up 25% I would invest a lot. Bitcoin has been pretty unpredictable and there are tons of "sure predictions" not coming true.

I'm not trying to offend, I'm sure you're responsible with your money. But ironically, often people with little knowledge are the most confident. That's just human nature. Then they become less confident as they learn more, and then it goes up when they become experts. [Dunning Kruger effect](http://agilecoffee.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/14-dunning-kruger-1024x753.jpg). I know I've been guilty of this, but knowing the effect helps me realize when I'm doing it and take a step back and re-evaluate things.

If you've been to this sub a while I'm sure you've seen a lot of people doing this too.
let me guess, you're in for the technology, right? 
Untill it goes to 5k and you start to panic
Why are you actually here 
bout 2700
I need help with my bills only $500 :( 
My only choice really right now is hold and hope for the best 
nah, I'm not going to buy first then put a stop loss in. I'm already down too much. I have a stop buy in that I'm lowering each time bitcoin crashes, in case bitcoin gets pumped back up.
Fair enough.
Naw, just buy the dip!
Why you're even worried? Just hold, man.
..if I borrow a tie can I come in please?
I mean, I can’t really blame people being burnt out. I would be too if I saw 70% disappear in the following months.
[deleted]
You will be wealthy my child, do not worry.
Any profit is good profit.
Yea but if the whole market is falling why would you keep money in btc and watch it fall at a slightly slower rate then the alts ? Makes no sense 
the weak hands are folding right now while the strong buy more
Are you alright man? getting kinda defensive
Alright. Enjoy your .1 BTC

In the meantime im cashing out millions. 
Both happen at the same time, actually.
He owns a cow named Dick.  
Most cryptos are decentralised.  And mining farms will shift their workloads to whichever prevails.
BTC is taking the wheel away from banks and governments and giving it to the people, how can you not see this?
Yes you can. So when they came out with steam powered engines were they trying to reinvent the wheel? No. They were taking something and making it better. Or when they created electric motor they are not trying to re invent the wheel. Have you used a debit card in Iraq or the middle east. Good luck. So crypto is bigger than your everday purchases at your local stores. And whether you like it or not crypto is the future. So you can invest while you can or you can sit back and predict the future the choice is yours.
Finally, someone with some sense, instead of all the bitcoin fanatics.

I've never had a problem with using credit card or popmoney to buy things. 
Lol there wont be any dominating currency. Any country that has currency  will back bitcoin. Thats what I dont get when people say bitcoin isnt backed by anything. Well neither is your debit card. Your debit card isnt backed by the Government. Crypto isnt a currency it is another form of payment.
It will be those backed by governments and banks.

That's the reality ... if only more people knows how the world works.
Use when needed. 
If something had made me that much money I would be pretty positive about it or at worst neutral.  Anyway I think you are the way you are because you want to buy some at a lower price.  What will be will be. 
I’ve not got the hundreds of coins it would take to pull it off.  
Your nick is literally BTC4Trade, and you've apparently been here for 6 weeks. I'd say you're the insecure one. 
[deleted]
I'm predicting 500k by Sunday. 
1000s of btc is not even 1 billion in a 300+ billion MC.  .... idiots
I lol'd
I agree. The truth is that we all don't know. Bitcoin has as good of a chance to reach 20 to 30 thousand as it does reaching 300 dollars. We're all risking something by investing.
More like a quick investment.
Yes I would
Waiting for bottom to buy.

Why are you here?  
[removed]
I just did 8 hours ago @7,8k. I might buy a little more when I see a real bottom to this.

~$7450 is my next point of buy in.
yeah, but you can't be "impressed" now that the reason it's faster is because less people are using it.
LOVE!  My 2x short from 8.2 is still open :))))))
Absolutely.  I'm not idealistic ... profit is profit and I'm not hodling my breath for some dick inspired number.
Indeed absolutely correct
In my country there is at +50% tax on buying fiat... so it would make more sense just to either hodl or buy BTC
Better then believing this kid has been holding since $100. But hey let's believe everything on the internets.
Nice roleplay you got going on here.
Hah, ok kid. You sell your Btc worth millions and we'll wait for the drop on this. If it doesn't move the market, then you're full of shit!
Later, bro.  Good move.
my god, how are you such a fucking douchebag? I feel sorry for anyone that knows you personally
millions of zimbabwe dollars. 
hah, pooooooor.
If it was true that you're cashing out millions.. you sold at a low and lost a few more million that way. lmao
A network can be decentralized by having 5 different mining farms (not associated with each other) or by having 50,000 different mining farms (not associated with each other)?  Which is safer?  The latter since it is less likely 50k mining farms will join together and manipulate the network (e.g., 51% attack) compared to only 5 mining farms.  In this case, Bitcoin is the one with 50k mining farms.  Note, these numbers are made up for the sake of getting the point across.

To your second point, mining farms *can not* easily shift their workloads to any cryptocurrency.  A lot of farms of crypto (or algorithm specific) and can only mine certain coins.
The reason why they cant see it is because they are waiting for the banks and government to say crypot is the future. Until then people will continue to pay the banks every pay check they make, then the bank will let you borrow your money when you need it.
And giving the control to exchanges and mining farms.  

So what's your point?
It's funny that you asked about using a debit card in Iraq when BTC is not even accepted in 99.99999% of the civilised world for payment.

And it's not some advanced tech.  It's an 8-year-old tech that hardly works.
The merchants have a problem with it. Thats the entire point. NOBODY is saying Credit cards are not easy to use. They are just VERY expensive to use and based on incredibly complicated systems build on a inflating dollar that robs you of value over time.
The point of Bitcoin is to take power away from the banks and credit card companies and give it back to YOU.  When you own Bitcoin, no one can take it away from you.  YOU own it. YOU control it. YOU can do whatever you want with it, whenever, and wherever - not the banks.
Dude you’re wasting your time here. Why are you so intrenched in something you doubt. GO INVEST YOUR TIME IN SOMETHING YOURE INTETESTED IN 
You mean it's not acceptable to you that I call a spade a spade?

I'm just tired of all these conspiracy BS, bringing down banks and replacing fiat.
Ha!  Yeah...spoofing is expensive. Just ask Navinder Sarao.  https://www.cnbc.com/2015/04/21/futures-trader-charged-for-manipulating-stock-market-contributing-to-2010-flash-crash.html
I don't know why anyone bothers to feed the troll.  Look at his comment history, it's like he responds to EVERY single comment on this thread.  What a pitiful life.  
Lol ... only a moron will attempt to profile anyone based on their nick and time on reddit.
time to dump Nvidia and Intel. gonna have to pay a little tax on those gains, whatever.
That's not how it works either dude -.-
lol
good luck hope it works
[removed]
What decentralization is there in a mining that is limited in reach (since there's a limited number of coins to mine) and/or in a currency that is owned in very very very large number by some organisations?

I'm just asking because I'm genuinely interested. I don't feel like btc is decentralized if groups like mtgox can pump value up and down whenever they want because they have more than anyone on earth can dream to.

Point is, you can't have a currency worth fiat be independant from said fiat. If you can buy coin with dollars, dollars WILL impact coins. Or if I'm wrong, please explain to me.
You don't borrow your own money.  And banks at least pay me an interest.  And no, I don't pay for cheque services as a premium customer.
Alright bitcoin is about 9 years old. Debit cards have been around since 1966 and there are some countries that don't accept them. So in 2008 when btc came out how much was it worth. And how much is it worth now. Bitcoin is here to stay when the tulip bubble popped the price didnt go back up or increase a bit.
When the perfect bitcoin is created "any coin" that gives us everything we are expecting then that's when you will see mass adoption. Right now we are in the trail and error stages trying to figure out what works.
I got into bitcoin last year heard about it when it was $700 we I got verified the price was $2000. I bought in and held through the forks. I could of panic but educated myself and thanks to my fellow Bitcoiners they taught me how to Hodl. And when it hit $20000 I took my initial investment. Then I started trying to find ways to use btc in my everyday life.
O I forgot to mention debit cards were introduced in 1960 but didnt really take off until the 1990's. Thats 30 years. So btc and fellow crypto's have 22 years to get it together.
Who is this btc4trade dickhead. Someone give him the boot already.
Millions of USD transferred within addresses in every block but do tell me about how Bitcoin hardly works according to you. BTC is a medium of exchange, it is not a method of payment. Please don't confuse method of payment with medium of exchange.
2% inflation is peanuts compared to 60% drop in value in 5 months for BTC.

And whether you like it or not, the rate of adoption of payment systems like Apple Pay and Ali Pay far outstripped all cryptos.  These are the future of retail payments, not BTC. 
Hey kid, stop parroting marketing lines.

I can buy a teddy bear and everything you said about BTC is also true with regards to it.  Tough, not many restaurants will accept my teddy bear for a plate of pasta but I can bet that those same restaurants won't accept BTC either.

Get it?
I DON’T WANT TO BE A FUCKING BANK!! I’m not some paranoid schizophrenic. I keep my money in a bank instead of under my mattress for a reason. I want interest returns, I want fraud protection, I want portfolio management services. I want credit cards, shop-safe cards, debit cards, free checks, and a plethora of other options and services that banks offer. 

I can buy whatever I want. My bank is nice as fuck to me. If they weren’t, I’d go somewhere else. But I’m not going to go reinvent the wheel and be my own bank, that makes no sense. 

Societies created banks and people used them since ancient times for a reason. Why are we trying to roll back to the stone age out of paranoia? 
Why do you think I'm not interested in BTC?  I happen to make quite a tidy sum trading it.

I just don't believe that it will come anywhere close to replacing fiat.  You got a problem with that?
He's probably stuck on the charts hoping to sell his BTC for higher than ATH. Picture him in underwear with a mix of redbull and coffee.

Or he's like me, at work with quite no shit to do. But you're right. Don't feed the troll. I should have remembered.
[deleted]
you cant feel or see mt gox sells.... that IS NOT how it works
Thanks, I'm sure most people have the same mindset because of how predictable this all has become these last 5 months. It's like deja Vu in this subreddit sometimes.
What a friendly community!
For BTC, once all the coins are mined, miners are incentivized to continue mining by receiving the transaction fees as a reward. 

Yes, I’d agree to a certain extent there is some manipulation that can occur within the markets but that’s because the markets are new and small.  On a larger scale, with more adoption, any effects a large player like Mt Gox could have would be very limited. 

The overall goal is for cryptocurrency to break away from being tied to the US dollar.   Again, BTC is new so it will be tied to another currency (in this case USD) until (or if) it or another crypto becomes a standard currency.  Will that happen, I don’t know.  
well good for you. not everybody is a premium customer.
Stay on topic or stay away if you have nothing of substance to contribute.
So?  Trillions of fiat dollars get transferred every second through the world's financial systems to land that plate of food that you just ate, built your house and paved the roads.

In the meantime, BTC is just a digital token that is not legal tender in most countries, banned in some and not accepted by 99.9999% of merchants selling goods and services.  It's existence is for the pleasure of the 0.00001% of the population speculating on it's price.

So don't preach about "sound money" or obfuscate the point of it being a medium of exchange when this whole discussion IS about method of payment.
Slightly, confused with the wording you used but sure.

I’ll add that everyone has their own opinion on what BTC is or should be; however, I see it as a store of value similar to gold.  You wouldn’t use gold as a payment method in a restaurant, would you? 
With crypto, you can have all of those things. The goal isn’t necessarily to rid the banks, but to give you absolute and safe control over your own wealth.  

One use case, look at Venezuela.  They’re govt is printing money like crazy and their people are helpless as they face hyperinflation and the their currency’s buying power diminishes.  A universal (adopted) decentralized currency protects against this.  

No one is forcing you to adopt a currency you don’t want to use.  The markets will facilitate whatever is wanted.  


everyone with a user base will have a leak at some point. it means nothing this day and age.
Please forgive me guys, I forgot to feed my brother u/gjsmr2 his retard medication this morning. 
well in the markets things work as they did before until they don't
I love you guys 
>  On a larger scale, with more adoption, any effects a large player like Mt Gox could have would be very limited. 

Can you elaborate? If everyone on earth uses BTC, and everyone has 500 satoshis, but mtgox has 500k btc, how would their impact be "limited" ? 

How do you transition from "there are a few whales making up 80% of the market and a few thousand enthusiasts making up the left 20%" to "Every one uses it", when the price is so high most people can't dream to buy enough for a correct use?
Paid shill 
No, but I might invest in Gold.  

Fiat was never meant to be an investment vehicle.  It was created (from thin air like BTC) to be an instrument for transacting (which BTC aspires to be).
Same argument about broken countries as always. Yeah they might need it because their economy is in the toilet and they have no other recourse. But we don't need it in the US, nor do most developed nations.

And even then, I've heard so many stories about scammers and scam exchanges defrauding people more than any corrupt government ever has. Not to mention mobs and gangs robbing and torturing people to get their passwords, and thus entire savings. 

To me, the whole Bitcoin thing has very limited use and appeal, and it's definitely overhyped.
[deleted]
lol ok 8k btc sells have HUGE impact on market
. droppes like stone!....  still believe im fairy tails huh.... 
I love you both
Is that your best shot?  Loser.
not really. it's reality. data is gold.
