Daily Discussion, April 06, 2018 -- TITLE
I've never seen bitcoin price stay this straight for a long time. It's as straight as a horizontal line, it's a straight as my gender
I have studied that line for several hours now, and I finally came to the conclusion that the price can go either up OR down.
Meanwhile, over in the naughty corner:

- Bcash perilously close to declining further to ฿0.09

- Bcash is hard-forking itself to a 32MB block size, even though its volumes are now so poor it doesn't even need 1MB.

- There could potentially be 2 versions of Bcash after their self-imposed and silly fork.  Let's call them Bcash Core and Bcash Cash.
(pokes it with a stick)
I am contemplating the famous saying "be greedy when there is fear in the market" ....

So simple yet so unnatural to act upon...
I posted this deeper in a comment thread,  it's important so I'll kind of repost up here:

"BTCUSDSHORTS" on Bitfinexis BS and it's not true short selling. It's some synthetic representation of buy interest vs sell interest, total hocum IMHO.

A short sale is when you borrow a share from an exchange, and sell it immediately.
You have to give that share back to the exchange at some point. When the price goes down, you buy a share on the open market, return it to the exchange 'covering your short'. You sell high, and buy low so you profit, instead of the reverse, buy low sell high.

* Shorting in the equities market is regulated and controlled.
* An exchange will only lend you the share if you have other assets in the exchange to cover incase you never return the share. Only the better exchange clients are approved to short typically.
* Exchanges have to accurately report how many shares they have lent out to short sellers.
* The only skin in the game for the exchange is the trading fees, which in a short sale is a double whammy, the exchange is guaranteed two fees.

Now in the unregulated crypto markets, the exchanges are NOT required to report coins lent for short sale.

Factor in that crypto started crashing almost as soon as the first CME options started trading, (options are NOT short selling). They gave a clear indication no one was very interested taking the short side of an option, hence little short interest was observed.

To a professional short seller, little short interest in a market in an obvious speculative bubble was a dream come true, and they borrowed and sold, crashing the market.

Bitcoin Shorts are hitting an all time high while the market swallows their shorted coins: https://www.tradingview.com/chart/tXd4V5lS/

If BTC can make a run, the shorts are going to suffer immensely.  Should be epic if we can get a whale to step up and get the bids started...
[deleted]
[deleted]
Soooo the price manipulation is getting a little ridiculous. The jagged jumps and dips... So natural! But seriously WTF?
Who fell for the bull trap at 7.5k btc few days ago, and what was your thought process for buying in?
Once the reality that we are at or close to bottom sinks in there is going to be a rush of smart money back in that’s going to shock a lot of people.  The question is, how soon. 
When the US wake up and see the Bitcoin for $6580, will that make them buy at a perceived good bargain or panic sell?
Is this Black Friday?
Shorts at ATH's.  cmon ppl this is gonna be epic get the popcorn ready
so this is how bitcoin will bottom out - with sideways movement
lol reading through these old memes: https://www.google.ca/search?q=bitcoin+sideways+meme&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjn08b7rabaAhVHd6wKHcs9DQkQ_AUoAXoECAAQAw&biw=1440&bih=746#imgrc=_
LOL, what a response to Indian FUD, Tim Draper said that Bitcoin should be the national currency of India (not Rupee).... 
Hey everyone!  Just got home and noticed that Bitcoin has flatlined all day (since I went to bed).  If someone could get some AED shock paddles and revive Bitcoin, that would be great!
That’s a really exciting line 
imagine if you wake up tomorrow and prices still stay like this, that would be legendary. 
fuck. yes.
It's Aliiiiive! Buy now! 
It goes every Fri even like clockwork
Man this last few months sure have cut down on hodl posts, last time when it hit 6k there was so many of them.

I guess many of hodlers sold or are so bummed out they don't even bother until there is 500$ pump than they squeal to the moon few times and go silence again. 
I’m really getting kind of annoyed at all the cock throbbing “you don’t like the tech bro?” type people. We put money into this so called tech and all it’s doing is shitting the bed. We are allowed to be angry and you can shut the fuck up about the tech, because yeah sure, it sounds great, but I’m still pissed I’m losing money now. Should I be like, “hell yeah! Still in the red since December! I love bitcoin!” Because no thank you. I’m allowed to be salty. 
Reading this thread (and so many others) depressed me. We bought bitcoin back in the day to buy and sell stuff without going through banks and paying fiat. It was cool to have digital cash and buy shit online you couldn’t buy with fiat. Silk Road etc was why we bought it-we were part of the decentralised future-buying bitcoin was anarchic-we were cyberpunks! Now it’s just about the fucking money and lambos and bullshit. We made money in December because we invested in something we believed in and got lucky but we still have bitcoin because we believe in s future not controlled by big banks and the man! Fucking grow up and stop worrying about the price in $. It’s about being able to bypass the system and do what we want. Bitcoin is still the future-relax and enjoy the ride 😎
Free ross ulbricht 😎
Bitcoin is turning me into a top athlete. Every time I'm frustrated with the price I go for a run. I'm running marathons here....
easy baby don't wake the bearss
It's still in the wedge and has yet to break.
We can't expect new money till we at least get back to 10 K I would imagine. Unless we raise the money on our own to attract new adapters I certainly don't expect change.
welcome aboard Mr. Taxman's wild ride,  keep your seatbelts fastened,  keep your hands inside the cart at all times,  here we go.............
So either off a cliff or to the moon from the point 
with such a linear price, it would be easy to use in everyday transactions?
u guys dont like flatline, here comes the drop
lol someone tries to dump and the bots buy it back up to the exact same price wtf
We go through here it's the end of the the pain...

https://www.tradingview.com/x/wHHQpndW
All im thinking is... sunday and monday is coming, expecting the usual drop off into the mariana trench.
The pumps are so short now because bitcoin has erectile disfunction. 
we’re getting real close to my breaking point. This is absolute bullshit and I am getting ready to walk away and never look back.
LPT: it's less convincing if you're writing an essay convincing people why BTC is undervalued. If you're so confident about it eventually going to the moon, you want it to fall so you can accumulate unless you just trying to pump and dump. 

I really don't understand why people who are so confident that something is undervalued would want to pump it up so quickly. If anything you want it to stay undervalued. Then again...how does one value crypto...

But frealz..why is BTC $6k and not $1?
Another day, another drop. Time to get my buy orders ready.
So i sold at 7800 on the way down. How much longer do i wait before buying back in?
Ummm... it just me or does it appear BTC is trying to maintain $6666?    

Whoever is doing this, please stop-it.
[deleted]
sub 5.5k by the end of next week
What experiences do people have with buying from BITMAIN?

E.g.  How long did it take to ship (preferrably Europe), how much import tax did you pay, some problems to watch out for? Thank you :)
Anybody know if there's a site that shows large buy orders or sell orders? 

I'd like to eliminate a lot of the noise with these .001 orders.
Whales aren't going to make much money if it keeps dropping. I'd not be so sure about 4k. 
Just looking around at the markets in full on a 1 yr chart:  
Volume up in gold and silver, crude
Volume down in bitcoin, stocks (or flat depending on chart).
The tide might be changing.
Don’t think shorting Btc is never going to stop. Especially with stupid cme futures. It’s all bad. 
How has the price remained near static for hours?
Somebody just took a huge dump 
That was fun to watch
Don’t cut yourself short.  Let me enjoy this beer and watch some good pump 
Is a twap!
I dunno about y’all but I would party hardy and throw in on some coin at 6900 
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Well at least my heart beat 
See 6900 is another head fake. Down to the danger zone again.
Friday = pump day right?
Hi friends! I'm Bitgur.com developer. It's modern and useful cryptocurrency price index site.  

We added night mode. Could anybody take a look and tell me impressions? Thank you in advance. :)

URL:[bitgur.com](https://bitgur.com)
If you look at the chart since December 15th, it's heading straight into the toilet.
The interest rate on unpaid Federal tax is determined and posted every three months. It is the federal short–term interest rate plus 3 percent. Interest is compounded daily. 

There are certain hodlers that are crunching the numbers right now,  trying to decide to eat the non payment penalty and start paying Uncle Sam daily for the privilege of hodling.    

It will be a bit crazy until the 16th or 17th,  but afterwords,  look forward to continued selling pressure,  the WORST kind,  slow, drawn out, maddening!
Is this where all of the part-time TA experts hang out?
[deleted]
for everyone that has a boner over that small pump.  Zoom out into the daily 7500 is the next line in the sand.  til then bear market.....
I think there is an equilibrium of sorts.  Run of the mill bulls and bears tussle at the current equilibrium,  then a large short is covered,  and the equilibrium is upset,  but eventually returns.

What really sucks for you guys is that one of the most important pieces of information you need to at least have a fighting chance to day trade,  you don't have!  

How many coins have the exchanges lent to short sellers?   How many have been returned (shorts covered)?  How fast is the ratio between the two changing,  etc.  You need to know that if you are going to succeed as a small investor in a big pond with big (shorting) fish.

You don't know because crypto exchanges are not required to report it.   The SEC figured out a long time ago that not reporting short sales was disadvantageous to the small investor,  and they regulated it.   

I have now formed a new opinion,  BTCUSDSHORT on bitfinex (the exchange that recently stepped in major dog doo, another thread),  is an attempt to divert attention away from their short lending practices.   If a noob somehow stumbles across the concept of shorting and asks,  bitfinex has an answer , "short interest,  ah, here's this index we cooked up,  it has the word short in it,  this IS the droid you are looking for!".  It is not.

So ,  there is really no way to predict where things might go, everyone is flying blind.  Also keep in mind,  TA evolved 100% in the age of short sale disclosure requirements.  Applying TA to a market that is not transparent regarding short sales is probably not going to work,  IMHO.

Good luck everyone,  I think you'll need it!






this is the bottom. BUY BUY BUY!!!
were MOONING bois strap in

This is not the beginning of the end, gentlemen.

This is the end of the beginning.

Stand by.
What is lowest and highest amount you paid for Bitcoin. To start myself I) LOW = $6590 II) HIGH = $9425 or III) Waiting to buy first bitcoin (waiting for bottom) Note no need to post BTC amount just price paid in USD for comparison. 
Pumpity Dumpkins!
Lets have some opinions.....how long until we get to over $10k? 
Whale formations buying in ? (8pm CST)
I realized there is a new generation of FUDs and Trolls on this sub now. Many new names but same strategy. 
Man, fuck this *sideways trading* shit. I want whales, up and down. All the time!
7k never again
Bitcoin is dying? Ha. Fiat is dying a slow and painful death, the collapse of the Fiat dollar is inevitable. Why did you get into crypto? If you came only for 'moon' and 'lambos' you may not see the bigger picture. In the end, when it all comes crashing down, whether it's BTC, real estate, or precious metals, it's good to own and hold items with a use case and of scarcity, instead of toilet paper fiat dollars mass-printed at a whim to fund false government promises and a warfare/welfare machine. The future of Bitcoin is still open and is up to all of us. The future of fiat is predestined, and it does not end well. 
Anyone in South Africa ? if so see following posted today in r/Bitcoin/new/ see  http://www.sars.gov.za/Media/MediaReleases/Pages/6-April-2018---SARS-stance-on-the-tax-treatment-of-cryptocurrencies-.aspx
Bitcoins Make Kansas City Real Estate Debut: https://thirtyk.com/2018/04/02/bitcoins-kansas-real-estate/
http://www.sbp.org.pk/bprd/2018/C3.htm
Japan trading volume may drop after Japanese FSA halts trading at two crypto exchanges see https://cointelegraph.com/news/japanese-financial-regulator-temporarily-halts-activities-of-two-crypto-exchanges
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGh-7RnafpU

#anthem
thats right baby fuck those bears up
Why Bitcoin’s Volatility Isn’t Scary: https://thirtyk.com/2018/02/20/bitcoin-volatility-not-scary/
[deleted]
[deleted]
push it baby
And it's back, play the price is right music when the contestant loses.
Anyone ever think about just checking after you haven’t looked for a few hours and it’s randomly 1.5k higher. I do.  Smh. I do. 
Pump it to 7k pls whales, then we can start from there. :)
FUD fuck...s
Whenever we get to 6800 it just means it will not hold...How come we are getting to 6800 all the time?
The date I'm waiting for is April 11, I really hope something huge happens. Here's why:
https://i.imgur.com/qaInZNA.png
I'm probably wrong but who knows.
Could someone please elaborate if the number of shorts I am seeing on www.tradingview.com, which is quite high as compared to previous months, has much of a significance in terms of bitcoin near future price? u/theFoot58

good girl
She likes it
I've been lurking on this forum anonymously during this entire bear market and I must say most of you guys are completely delusional when it comes to price analysis. And in my fair opinion you deserve to loose all your money. Most of you guys are bagholding and got trapped with the holder mentality which makes 0 sense. Anyways most of you already left reddit and moved on. Smart money sold the top and will be back on capitulation and they will sell again once you suckers flock back in. Use your time to learn technical analysis instead of making hodlers memes.
As we go on..... we remember...... all the good times..... we had together........ *lights in the air* RIP BTC
This is the last time you will see BTC under 7k. April will be the start of the run all the way through to December again. 
Are yall ready to dip past 6400! It should happen in less than 8 hours.

My short positions can't wait, I've been waiting 2 days for the price to budge, and now we've finally got enough momentum going!!
Just in case anyone is wondering why the price is doing what its doing:
Those moves are 100% correlating with the amount of shorts being added/closed right now. You can check for yourself and see that when the price pumped in the exact same time frame, about 3k btc short positions were closed aka bought back on bitfinex.
Dont be fooled guys - nobody is selling to the shorters atm and they need to buy back at some point
**George Soros set to trade cryptocurrencies - Bloomberg**

(Reuters) - George Soros's $26 billion hedge fund is planning to trade cryptocurrencies, Bloomberg reported on Friday, months after the billionaire investor called the virtual currency a bubble.

Adam Fisher, who oversees macro investing at the New York-based Soros Fund Management, got internal approval to trade digital assets in the last few months, though was yet to make a wager, the report https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-06/george-soros-prepares-to-trade-cryptocurrenceis said, citing people familiar with the matter.

A Soros representative declined to comment.

The financial world has been divided about betting on bitcoin <BTC=BTSP>, a digital token.

Billionaire Warren Buffett and JPMorgan's <JPM.N> Jamie Dimon have said they will not invest in cryptocurrencies, while Wall Street banks Morgan Stanley <MS.N> and Goldman Sachs <GS.N> have been open to clearing bitcoin futures.

Last year, Soros's hedge fund took an 8.99 percent stake in Overstock.com Inc <OSTK.O> to become the third-largest shareholder in the online retailer. The shares of the company surged when its unit held an initial coin offering.
Mate I have hardly any myself-I spent most of it online before it was worth $ and then made some cash when it went mental but that’s just luck-still buying stuff online when I can because it’s so cool to buy something with BTC!!! Love it 😍 
Damn you, Bitcoin! Slow down! You're going to upset the whales!!!! 
I have my stop-buy-limit order just above resistance. Let's see if we break it. So far, prices are back to what they were this morning, which is a start. 
oh nice I wasn't expecting this
Lower. There's no support anywhere. It's all manipulation. :)
Doesn't matter if BTC has no real value. Remember:
https://imgur.com/a/xzZRm

HODL - Warren Buffettt HODLs and he is very rich - doesn't matter that he hodls tangible assets which produces value YOY, Bitcoin is a new paradigm that produces value out of internet magic! HODL HODL!
I beleive bitcoin needs test the $0k support so we can start to see an incline in the price. lol You guys are weird when the price is going down you buy and hodl when the price is going up you buy and sell its easy. So right now we are in a bear market its fine if you are losing money but you should not be losing coins, That is were alot of people mess up because they are losing money and coins lol pick one or the other in a bear market.
For those impatient with the current state of the market John Mcafee has this to say:


>Patience young man. Let me remind you of a legendary story: The young bull says to the old bull - "Let's run down to the field and fuck one of the cows". The old bull says- "Let's walk down and fuck them all".



- John Mcafee Twitter 4/4/18
You don't buy Bitcoin because of the price, you buy because you understand and are a fan of the technology.  The price and potential financial gains of being an early adopter are just a result of being an early adopter. Late Adopters get the benefit not the gains.  If you understand this then you can survive the storms and will be more comfortable with your capital risk tolerance
$5997 Monday April 9, 2018 @ 03:47 HRS


See you then.
If you boys and girls are serious about the crypto game. We need to bring on new investors. Friends family, relatives, your worst enemies, the gang members down the block. Everyone has a handle, figure it out, use it, and spread awareness.

Apparently this is why the gun debate always looses in America, cuz we win on the home front. Now I can neither confirm nor deny, but it sounds palusible.

Any exposure is good exposure is good exposure, stickers, posters graffiti, porn. You name it, get on it. Don't worry about what they say or their laughter, if you just keep hounding the point home they will eventually see things your way. (Usually at the next ATH unfortunately)

I'm not saying to scam them of course, educate them on the risks and make sure they don't go all in, but make sure they either buy, or discuss it with the next person. That is the only way we can prevail..numbers.
Gemini exchange offline!!
at least we can say that 6.5k is finally the bottom. 
[deleted]
First for once. Gimme Bitcoins. 
how low are we getting today?
MBA Programs Increase Cryptocurrency Course Offerings: https://thirtyk.com/2018/04/06/university-cryptocurrency-courses/
[deleted]
Came across Coindance site today seems to have some good stats, search trends and resources see https://coin.dance/stats
how long until we reach the bottom? I'm sure we are 1k-2k away from it. Everything right now is moving so slow, bear flag after bear flag. I haven't seen two consecutive green days for weeks now.
[deleted]
The lowest prices of Bitcoin since Q4 2017

2017 September 15 - 3.292 $ (China Ban)
2017 November 13 - 6.063 $ (JP Morgan FUD & start buying BTC to ATH)
2018 February 6 - 6.227 $ (JP Morgan starts desperately shorting BTC)
2018 April 6 - 6.615 $ (Seems JP Morgan Fails)
**Can Jihan's ASICs destroy Bitcoin?** [Understanding Consensus in blockchain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2u8pYNtLtA&feature=youtu.be&t=43m1s)
Ha ha!!! 
How much bitcoin does one need to make a real good profit in the future? I only afforded to buy 0.5btc so far i never had an inheritence it fuckin sucks.
Hey guys I found this video on bitcoin extremely entertaining and also informative hope this helps! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixIlC2Igc6U
Of course it pumps after i call it quits, of course it did.
 BUY BUY BUY
Wow George Soros.  Never thought Id see the day.  100k incoming, then the most scary drop in history - rinse repeat
This Soros news, if true, will cause a small to medium pump.
Did you guys heard about Venmo? it is like a bitcoin but better i every imaginable way.
Looks like you’re not as straight as you thought you were... 
[deleted]
There, someone moving it for ya.
Dang all that research money and you still got it wrong. It could also stay there forever!
Or stay the same!
Hmm, interesting find. If you don't mind me asking however, how did you come up with such a radical understanding?

I greatly look forward to your white paper sir.
I think we are entering a phase, where we don't even need to mention Bcash. It's just fading into obscurity...
> BCash is hard-forking itself to a 32MB block size, even though its volumes are now so poor it doesn't even need 1MB.

Ya gotta like the optimism!
Is it really? I stopped following up on bcash. Lol what are they doing over there?

Can't help but notice the redditor for a day tag btw
Heck of a stick you got there. 
[deleted]
Exactly. 

It's so easy to say buy the dip when the price is going parabolic but much harder to pull the trigger on buys when the price is on the way down. I remember in December people were praying for little dips here and there. Now bitcoin is almost 75% off and people are scared to take advantage. 

Im waiting for more fear
No one knows what the future brings but I would rather buy in at $6600 then what a lot of people paid around December. 
This isn't fear. You'll know when it's fear. Honest opinion from my experience.  
Excellent points.
> little short interest in a market in an obvious speculative bubble was a dream come true

Yeah, in the hindsight it's easy of course. How many short sellers do you think were shorting too soon (like when reaching 10000) and got stopped or even liquidated? A lot I guess.

Short interest at record high, broken above Oct 2017 high:

https://redd.it/89jqye

Also price movements are almost 100% correlated with longs/short increasing on finex. that dump earlier today from 6.8k today to 6.6k is identical to the amounts of shorts increased on bitfinex in that exact time period.
dont get fooled people - nobody is selling anymore - only people shorting who at some point have to buy back in their positions
it is very common that all time high shorts are followed by whales just crushing the trend. This weekend can be a surprise.
Not there yet but I’m with you in spirit. Rock on 🤘 !
Clown
It was simply when my deposit arrived to the exchange. I don't try to time the market, I'm not convinced I have a competitive advantage. 
The hindsight award winner goes to....
Only buy dips where your own personal misery index is high. Buy low and hodl. 
Bullshit bull flag.
Those mooners
In one hour.
Sorry bro, We went to sleep at 6530 -.-
Lol what bargain? It's a biblical level pump and dump scheme. 

You are out your mind if you seriously believe Bitcoin has any relevant future right now....it's a massive manipulation tool for the rich millionaires that understand this game...

Hardly anyone is using this crap as currency.  No one gives a shit about decentralized crap. You are holding a ticking time bomb.

Rich players drove this up to 19k...guess who drove it down to 6k? Those same rich players. 

Good luck convincing them to hodl lol. They understand what this is. A get rich quick scheme. 

Anyone of you hodling Bitcoin for moral reasons is delusional. Get your profits and cash the fuck out. That's exactly what the millionaires did.
This is going to be the best Friday of your life! 
I'd love to see those shorts busted. That would be some bull run.
Is there a way to check ? I mean how would u know. 
I am with you.  I can feel it.  It is like the spring is tightening.  How tight can it get?  I have felt this before.  It is like déjà vu.  Maybe being involved since 2013 has taught me something?  Not sure.  Just hodl- I have learned that at least. ;)
Forreal dude bears are about to get rekt. Whales might let it hit a lower low just to sucker more in. 

Then, FOMO :)
I doubt that. I believe we'll have another crash. 
No.  There will be another small pump coming up shortly, people will take money, then it will slide to below where it is right now.   Then repeat.
Done
Were you sleeping in a gutter? 
doot
I was just about to ask where is the Friday pump when this happening!
If everyone HODL's then the price has nowhere to go but up. 
To the moon!
This is a really hateful post I don’t understand it. 
This post is horrible! How could you ?
Be pissed at yourself, Bitcoin is following the same pattern it has over the last decade.
Nobody is in it just for the tech.  In fact, despite their claims, most don't *really* understand the tech beyond a few misguided regurgitations of clueless summaries.  They just say that because it makes them feel a little better even as the thing is going to the dogs.   Much better to say "I don't care; I'm in it for the tech" than to say "I'm a dummy, and I'm getting fucked".   
Keep spreading those good vibes 
Bitcoin doesn't like short time preference consumers. If you want profits now, I want to have cheap fees now when I pay with BTC, any action with a short time horizon will not get rewarded from Bitcoin and its monetary policy. It's only meant for patient people and the more patient the people are the more they get rewarded.
How is it only "shitting the bed"? It's up more than 6x in 1year, its not btc's fault you bought at the top
If it makes you feel any better most of these people will never get their money or bitcoin out of the exchange.  They will realize that the tech doesn’t mean shit if someone else is holding the keys to your fortune.   When this thing starts imploding good luck moving money out.  I would make that a priority at this point.
How do you profit from the tech? I could see how an investment in a venture capital company using Blockchain could do well, but with Bitcoin you are simply another user, which is very different.
You have that right I suppose, but I can't figure out why you thought you were just going to buy some btc and be a millionaire in under a year.


i <3 your post.

Wish i had as much btc as you appear to have.  I want to get to this stage where I can take my foot off the pedal a bit and enjoy life.  Not for lambos, but just to slow down enough to truly live with some freedom and a touch more ease.  Hopefully soon.  
Let me know when I can actually use bitcoin to buy something useful like Starbucks or any gas station or grocery store near my house, not Steve's Hometown Pizzeria in Edisburg Pennsylvania. Would love it if that were the case but I still haven't seen it. Can't even use it on Reddit or Amazon. 
It is you who needs to grow up and join today's world.  Forget about the "good old days" when the "grass was greener" etc.  

Silk Road types got f**ked by the government, and quite rightly so; that sort of criminality must never be accepted by society.   The world has since moved on.   Leave the "cyberpunk" and "cool" nonsense to social misfits and pimply-faced teenagers in their mothers' basements.   Governments and banks are either joining in or making things tough.   And that's just the way it is and will continue to be.   

Join, or get f**ked.   Your choice.
absolutely friend!
I study music theory. :)
Geeeerrrrr
My phone needs adapters, too.
There will be no new money; too many people got bitten in the backside.   What will continue to happen is that whales will keep pumping and dumping.   And since only the "hodlers" are determined to stick it out (i.e. no new money) the price will continue to go down.
It's over. Down from now on out. I'm sorry but if you think about the last 4 months realistically and from an unbiased perspective you have to realise that the moon has been and gone.

And just like NASA, we're not going back. There are no investors left to fund it. 

It's over. 
Why not both?
Or off the moon to a cliff.
yea the chart is starting to look like Tether lol
and...... its gone.
I am starting to think that we are all just caught in the middle of a whale war.
take the loss and move on, nothing wrong with it, you tried, didn't work, don't make this into a more painful situation as it is already
I'm with you bro
What's absolute bullshit? You thought this was a guaranteed money maker? Or are you calling the tech bullshit?
Just remind yourself how many times bitcoin has crashed before and after a while of consolidation came roaring back to a new ath. The hardest part is to have patience on a scale of more than a few months. 
Let us know when you break. It would mean we go back up again :) 
I hope
I am so confident in Bitcoin that I want it to stay undervalued forever? Makes sense right?
Because their is a finite amount of btc. The US treasury can print off as many 1$ bills as it wants. (inflation... Kinda)
When there's blood on the streets
I personally feel that the markets won't be happy until we test the 6th February lows again so around $6k.

But if you are unsure you could start to buy back in stages. So some at 6.5k, 6.25k, etc
Waiting game for now. I’ll wait until under $6k. But even then, I would keep my eye on the volume profile at those levels. There you’re in the pool with true investors. Pre-December money. 
They are also watching me, every time i buy they sell. Every time i hold they sell. When i sell they pump. Its a conspiracy i tell ya.
for my part I prefer when it tends to 6969 ...
Ok I'll stop tomorrow.
Oh no a scary number that means absolutely nothing unless you believe in a sky daddy. 
Technical Analysis is nonsense. "Death Cross" is meaningless. There is no such a thing as "support", in this context. These are not evidence-based concepts, they are (admittedly appealing) conjecture. There is no statistical evidence that TA, as a practice, improves investing outcomes (for anyone). You might as well put your faith in fairies, four leaf clovers and tarot card reading (unless you are more religious than superstitious, in which case praying to your god is an equally useful way to spend your time).
> Translated: If it doesn't go down some more, i.e. stays at just around where it is at present, then it could start to go up.  But if it doesn't stop going down, then it could go down some more; it might even go much lower than what it currently is, although it could pause on the downward trip.   

Lovely TA!
The Bottom was on Feb 5th, which was 2 months ago. Onward and upward! 
Love your analysis. Thank you. It's in line with what I'm seeing as well and I haven't seen anything to prove otherwise.
I dont understand how people try to predict support. lol support is when the price starts going up. First it was 9k then 8k then 6k now 5k whats next support 2k lol just buy and hold. Im expecting the next support level to 0k lol thats why I am never surprised buy the price never surprises me.
> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGh-7RnafpU

I thought this on every meh bounce since Feb. It's not dead, there are buyers, there's money.. then trap.

I now invest my time with more predictable everything. I sell burgers.
On point!
Orders that have executed, obviously I can see the orderbook and buy walls and sell walls. 
Would love to see a site that's able to display all of the relevant pertinent information from the top exchanges in some organized, easy to read graphs.
Bitcoin Wisdom
http://whales.cracklord.com/
Except when they're shorting...
What if their goal is to get out and the way they’re doing it is slowly, with the occasional pump to maximise the average price they get out at? I’m no expert, but that’s what seems to be happening to me.
What if they are shorting? 
Whales dont need moon to buy lambo with fiat
No.  It can't short forever.  There are checks and balances even in finance.  Just hold if you can, and all will be fine.
ETF's light at end of tunnel perhaps.
Because it didn't go up or down.
Whales are buying back the coins they sold this morning  before selling them again tomorrow morning. Rinse and repeat.
Yeah dude. Chipotle lunch. 
But of course, it's all margin traders now.
Looks nice! Having an issue with the 7d price graph hover tooltip bubble. When I move my mouse off of the graph slightly side and then move my mouse back onto the graph again (from the left side) the tooltip doesn't show up. This only happens on the left side, and only when moving the mouse less than 50ish pixels - more than that or moving off to the right both work fine.
And if you look at the chart since July 2017, it's still heading up.
It's like that like that last turd that don't flush...It keeps coming back from 6500
What do you mean by certain hodlers? If you hold and do not make any taxable transactions you don’t pay on capital gains. Am I missing something?

edit: disregard I see your point.
Basically you’re saying that certain people made taxable transactions and are now either holding hoping that price of BTC go’s up to pay taxes or neglecting to report their obligations to pay taxes or both.
Couldn’t disagree more. 
Yes.  

Big green dildo = good

Big red dildo = bad

But allegedly there are complexities surrounding this.

I apply the following terms in my trading analyses:

* Pumpy wumpy
* to the Moon!!
* this looks very bad
* good for Bitcoin
* anyone know a good colorectal surgeon?


I’m honestly not meaning to be. I just enjoy watching from the sidelines and every now and again I feel the need to comment. I don’t think I’ve ever written anything unreasonable, but I’ll happily stand corrected if I have
MrManHimself is e very serious person, whose mission is to warn people of the ongoing fleecing and impending collapse.  So don't fool around with his name.  Thank you.
It's literally up $77 bucks from 24hrs ago.  Nothing for people to get excited for.
to the moon with lambo in rocket ? lol...
5k next week, sub4k next month....
btc is in downtrend from 100 days...
hilarius is : every pump (wales false,trap pump...)
there is a call for the moon...lol

If you haven't noticed, every rebound occurs with diminishingly high volumes. And the current floor does not even coincide with a volume increase. Looks like a hodler capitulation to me. Nobody in their right mind will buy today when they can wait a few weeks and get it at 4K :(
I doubt that.
looky looky, big green dillllllldooooooooooo!!!!
Are you guys that stupid or intentionally trying to bait newbies. Its been bear season for awhile, yet another endless pump before dump doesn't mean its suddenly moon season
My anus is ready
This is not the end of the beginning, ladies.

This is the beginning of the end.

Lay away.


corny
Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.
Low: $35 High: $18,800
Low: $60

High: $19,100 oof

Holding: 0 BTC, but I've got plenty of Fiat ready to buy back if it gets sub-$5k.
low: 200
high: 8500
Low 950
High, 12,000 :-/

Too much.
All bought at 600 USD.


That's my kind of TA too.

Pumpy wumpy.
JULY
June. 
Next week friday
Never again.
2 months max but likely to be within a month
[deleted]
3 months at best. 
Off the Eastern seaboard.
Gotta love the double standards here. 

"BTC IS SHOOTING TO THE MOON. FASTEN YOUR SEATBELTS!" - not a FUD

"I think this might be the time BTC will hit rock bottom and will likely stay there due to the huge loss of interest in buyers." -FUD

Yeah, the price on all the exchanges worldwide reflects it too
You don't wanna hump whales sideways anymore, you prefer they do the reverse cowgirl. Got it.
[deleted]
Wow, really digging for this FUD. Bears are running outta steam :) 
I like this one better: https://youtu.be/QPkR6FGY6zw
Yep.  Then they will fuck right back on the next dump, to $5.5K.
Krap
poppycock?
> nonsense
bunk
joke
gobbledygook?
Every time some one says that in the Crypto world, they come back to find a huge loss lol. They are watching us.
That's pretty funny, considering that hodlers are getting f**ked in the rear end!
Wow. I had a weird feeling... then 👆🏽
$7 500 needs to go...
Even bullish whales probably have to wait until after the selling pressure of the tax season has decreased in order to have success with any lasting pumps. Right now they are pumping and dumping for small short term profit since the market isn't ready for either a substantial increase or decrease. Mid-April towards July should bring a more positive terrain for higher price altitudes in my opinion.
I'm waiting for something similar, although my trendlines cross at April 20th.

That's the thing with those lines: They are not 100% precise. Depends on the chart (1h, 4h, 1d) you're using.

https://imgur.com/a/eS6kC
yes, it does.  The number of shorts is insanely high, which means that if the price starts to rise, the shorts will be squeezed (they need to buy back asap or risk a price that is continuing to escalate out of control - similar to what was seen in late 2017).  The fact that so many short positions have been opened (6K coins shorted in last 2 days) while the price of bitcoin has been steady is very bullish.  When price starts to rise, these 6K coins will need to be purchased (32,780 coins in total).
Thanks for your useless thoughts. You shouldve kept quietly. Better flr everyone 
k thx bye
You must be very rich by now. 
you are so smart you must be so rich by now.  why waste time here versus swimming off your yacht?  What makes 0 sense is you are not talking about the Technology, the development going on, the implications, the potential.  Sure we are still in the speculative phase but you cannot compare this to previous bubbles like the Nasdaq.  If you are then you don't understand Bitcoin and should stick with traditional assets Im not going to be the one to educate you though
I lost IQ points just reading your shitpost. I want them back.
Shit.  You're right!

I'm only up 1100%

I need to invest somewhere else.
This is true, but good luck trying to get the "true believers" to see the truth!
If i had a BTC for every time I heard that......
Then when it drops to 5k you’ll be saying the same about 6k.
[deleted]
So I can get paid in coin when he hires me to protest?
Noting that it merely says "trading" which doesn't necessarily imply either a steady long or short position, but more like situational opportunism (which is smart).
Makes sense.  Why should a smart man not make money from a bubble, as long as it is the sheep that are left holding the bag at the end?   That's how it works with most bubbles.
That was a whale. Who else can buy over 300 BTC.
I have my limit sell just below the highest point of the pump, profits!!! :)
Well that was somewhat irrelevant...
Support somewhere but Bitcoin eyes $6k after key resistance fails to hold https://www.coindesk.com/bitcoin-eyes-6k-after-key-resistance-fails-to-hold/
Bitcoiin is the real Bitcoin.


I rather choke down a big pink dildo than read Mcafee's shit. That guy is high on all kind of shit 24/7. 
Good anecdote.   All the hodlers are getting fucked right now.
As much as I empathise with you right now... The old bear just says "let's just eat all the bulls"

That's how it feels at the moment, but as an eternal optimist, I really do believe that we are on the cusp. YMMV

I doubt that all these purchases or sales of hundreds of bitcoins are made by fans of technology .. and what is the advantage if I lose fiat?
The "tech" is now available elsewhere, in more useful ways and at far lower prices.   So why bother with bitcoin?
See you
Wrong. 
I thought we wanted to get rid of the "weak hands"
> We need to bring on new investors. Friends family, relatives ....

Why do we need new investors?  So that we can unload on them and get rich, as in the Dec 2017 FOMO rush?   I thought we were in for the tech, freedom from governments, and the end of banks.  Anyway, sorry; won't happen.   All those relatives already got bitten in the arse and have learned their lesson.

My advice: get out now, or you will be among the suckers left holding the bag when it all ends.    
Porn stars with bitcoin logo tattoooed right on their asscheek!...Brilliant! LoL
You're a scummy piece of shit. You want people to bring in their naive friends and family to pump so you can dump.
How about we find some more use cases with LN first.

I would rather see more utility added before another bull run.
Right now, I wouldn't advise anyone in my circle of friends to invest. It's too risky.
QUILTS!
Just weekly scheduled maintenance, calm down.
More nonsense. Not really sure how you can conclude this at all.
How can we say that?
Fomo's a good indicator, and yep that could be the price. It might be possible to make some gains on $6,4/$6,300. 
you are an idiot even a broke clock is right 2 timesca day. I understand you have an opinion but don't make it seem like u just can predict the market. In January of last year when bitcoin was under $1000 did u predict the price to be to be $20000, prolly not you probly waited for the price to crash and it kept going up and when u finally got the balls to get In the coin started to decline and when you start selling your coins the price will start going up.
These short positions you have put up must have made you crazy rich by now, care to share your account statements? 
Oh cool! What did you win?
New to reddit but am a verified LB trader.. there's been a ton of selling action recently. People are dumping. 
Think positive, how high are we going to go?
Too little too late.
yep. just sold mine after losing $.
I assure you, you are a moron.

Edit; 10 seconds later he deleted it. 
We had 2 green days in a row literally 4 days ago
I believe that we need at least one more devastating crash.
There is still a lot of support in the 5.5-5.8 range.
More like tariff FUD. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
How about you use commas, or nothing, rather than decimal points?

Last check BTC was worth more than 6 dollars.
Honestly.... buy now. And hide your wallet. Don't do what i did. It took over my life watching the graphs everyday. The only people who got rich in December were the people who bought some a long time ago and forgot they had it. Everyone else buys and sells too often which is a mistake that i also made. But yes that amount is enough to make you rich in the future.
> i never had an inheritence

Lmao
What does having an inheritance have anything to do with it? The vast majority of people who succeed do it without any inheritance at all. 
Just seems awfully mean, but sometimes the ends justify the mean - Michael Scott 
the maximum that we can lose and patience .. not motivating ... but ...
my opinion attention shorts the price will go up this weekend .. just my opinion .. I went into the trap ..
There have been numerous reports here of BTC rising up to $100K per, $500K per, and $1 million per.  And beyond.   To the moon!   Apparently all one has to do, to reap, is "hodl".  So that point-five could well put you on Easy Street for the rest of your life.   Good luck!
I think you need at least a couple bitcoin to be “rich” maybe in 10 years.   .5 bitcoin will maybe buy you an average house by then.   Keep buying while it’s low. That’s my strategy. 
No one knows.

Bitcoin is not some guaranteed-to-get-rich scheme, but rather a volatile new technology that still tends to grow. It might conceivably stay at the current order of magnitude of price for decades, or it could go up into millions of $ per coin in the coming year, there is no way to tell. 

To try to use it as an investment is an invalid mode of thought.
This one is better:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
[deleted]
Why do people keep making such crazy claims? Attention?
If it hasn't, yet. It won't.
maybe a little one, tbh we just need to get past tax season 
What are you smoking? It's just a social media version of paypal. 
Bullshit. It’s just a copy of PayPal. It’s owned by a company and not decentralized like Bitcoin:
Yeah except they can ban you for arbitrary reasons and your money vanishes-like buying a product.....They don't allow merchant payments, stupid limits, etc
That made me laugh. He was just setting himself up for that one. lol
Looks more like exactly what we've seen before, unless you're about to do something wild. In which case, you have the floor.
That's as good as impossible.
Yeah.  It still bugs me, but maybe time to forget.

Forgive me if I post something every once in a while to subdue my anger.
Look at my name.

I am one of Ver's poorly disguised sock puppets gone rogue  :)
no take only throw
the best thing about buying the dip is that losses are minimal, but gains, oh god.

Buying ATH at 20k, need to reach 40k to double your money, but if you buy at 7k, the gains when bitcoin recover 20k will be about x3.

exactly, and you know what, every single successful crypto money-maker I have listened to, they are saying that best buys come when there is blood in the street.

They call it accumulation phase.

And still what do most of the people do, buy when euphoria is high :) but I guess this is a zero-sum game, someone has to lose to make other win. 

They key is study and skill.
good point..
If it goes to zero you will lose just as much as the people who bought in December.  
valid point.
One can only guess,  but I think it's important to focus on what I've always called the professional short,  and I think the CME options is what triggered them,  like sharks smelling blood in the water.   I think a lot of the action attributed to' whales' is really pro shorts selling then buying to cover.  

Everytime a redditor claims 'it's a pump, don't fall for it,  bull trap',  a professional short has likely just covered.  They play big,  so it's easy to see when you know what you are looking at.
Exactly.  3428 bitcoins were shorted on bitfinex in the past 24 hours - I can't wait for these people to buy them back!
Another 200 coins shorted in the last minute, and a down spike in volume of 200 coins - guess we know who the sellers are!

Equal amount of longs.... even tough longs were much more in the previous days
I didn't claim to know anything. I bought also at 7.4k. Check yourself before criticising others.
Two weeks.
www.tradingview.com

"BTCUSDSHORTS" on Bitfinex
Carter Thomas's new video on youtube mentions it.  i don't know how to check it but he does and says how. 
woah holder since 2013 and you are feeling it thats gotta to be a good sign.  I started May 2017 and went through two corrections and this current one being the third.  There was always a point in the first two corrections where it was clear the bottom was in and then it was just like boring for two weeks or something.  Perhaps This time its just cause the scale of the price has gotten insane and needed more time to digest 
i might get suckered into buying a little more...
You seem to be a fan of D4rkEnergY...
Keep doing it, it is working!!!
19 hours at the same price is enough to go to bed, wake up and come back home... 
Oh there's a Friday pump coming alright, if ya get my drift. ;)
in LAMBO :)
agreed, very racist post!
What are you doing here again?
Yeah. You tell them bud. Nobody understands the tech. Except for you. 
Take a look here at the daily wailing and gnashing of teeth as the thing continues to go to the dogs.   Does that give you a clue?   

The fact that it is up 6x or whatever does not give much comfort.   **Do you know why it is up that much?**  Because of the mad FOMO rush in late 2017.  **That's most bitcoin people.**  And it is those people who are feeling the pain.   You think telling them about 6x makes a difference.   

Try to use your head instead of just throwing numbers around.    
Why do you assume I bought at the top? I bought bitcoin at multiple intervals since 4K. It’s shitting the bed, and you’re in denial. 
Also never said I wanted to be a millionaire, haha. I just don’t want to see red for 4 months straight. Is that so difficult? I’m not looking for it to go up to 20k but holy shit, how hard is it to stay at 8k? Even before the rise, 7k-8k was pretty firm now it’s starting to become normal to see it back down to 6k again. 
Invest in the stock market if you want to make $. Bitcoin is not about money! It’s about creating a new fiscal system out of govt control where you can be independent of banks. It’s still good for that even at 1$ a BTC
RAGTIME had to dance.
I sit too much for that, have to get the blood flowing somehow. 
It's silly but I do often feel like a group of us should save up and then buy at the same time. Make it s group effort. Not a kickstarter but gathering money to go in on one particular date. Make it a movement.
You're right, the speculative moon has happened. The real moon won't be funded by investors. It'll be funded by people spending $0.10 to fund their favorite content creators sans ads.  Without those folks .. actually using crypto, it's all headed to oblivion. That's what I'm betting on, as are a lot of others.
off a cliff onto the moon
Should we call it a cloon or a miff?
"whale wars"
I am not at a loss.
Lets just put it this way. I’ve been in the game since 2013. I bought, I’ve held and I’ve sold and bought low. I am real about the speculation. If we don’t break out of this -we’ll be falling into another bear revival. When 200 sell volume takes out 3000k+ bitcoins on a constant basis one loses hope. Thats the bullshit that I am talking about and besides I am getting real tired of hawking the prices as I watch all my profits chip away. Its fucking exhausting.
You folks need to understand the big money game. 

These players with millions of dollars can manipulate the fuck out of this crap. 

You are absolutely delusional if you believe the main big money investors are "hodling". 

They are driving it up and cashing the fuck out.

Their is only one goal here - get rich quick.

Spamming "hodl, future of currency! Decentralized!!!" Is absolutely meaningless to these millionaires playing this game. 


There's also a finite number of 1992 Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme's, why aren't they worth $6k?
Thanks for the translation. Now it all makes sense. 

I've only got one question: 

When lambo?
They do not understand that it is just a point where the buying and selling is such that the trend is (perhaps temporarily) stopped.  Instead, they look at the past and assume that there is something magical about the number at which that was last observed or some number off some magical chart.  Does anyone really know what will happen at $5.5K or $4.6K.  Definitely not.

Thanks... Where does it let you modify completed order size?
If that was the goal why did they let it spike to 19,000. I think its part whale but part people are now all spooked. 
Yep.   That's exactly what's happening.   And they know that the "hodlers" will stay to hold the bag.
[deleted]
That’s another observation of the status - but not an explanation!  The whole market can’t be waiting? Perhaps the mystic ‘whales’ are wondering what move to make.
There is quite a good buy wall on bitfinex tough. Maybe they won't be able to crash the price too much.
Thank you. I'll see how to fix this bug. 
neglecting to report is an unknown to me.  In the US,  because the exchanges were compelled to turn over a list of their top transactors,  and the IRS is so omnipotent,  my guess is compliance will be 'normal', only the crazy fringe would try and get away with not reporting.  

So what I'm referring to are those that sold some BTC in 2017,  and because of the crash,  have to sell more BTC to pay taxes.
Well,  yea,  of course,  because I have no idea, I can't accurately predict the future.  

BUT

That is what happened the last time I was involved in a highly speculative bubble that popped very close to the end of the tax year.

And if ya need to somehow try and determine what will happen with the current situation going forward,  why not look back and see what happened in the last similar situation?  

Those who do not study history are doomed to repeat it.
Take my god damn upvote.
You forgot 'It can go both ways'
I too am no FUDster.  I just present the facts in a direct, succinct, and elegant manner.   True, the facts are probably rather "hard" for the "true believers", and I don't sugar-coat anything, but it is not as though I have created the reality of the situation. 

It is unfair and unhelpful that people have chosen to not see the public service in my "cautionary" notes and have instead resorted to unfriendly labels.   
Do you know him?
No that is exciting 
The moon boys and lambo types have gone AWOL these days.   Reality is a bitch!
The smart holders realize that it is time to bail out or be left holding the bag at the end.    
Looking like it might be an opportunity for a quick long. Maybe make a couple hundred or so per coin after fees
We just haven't lost our good spirits, yet. Even when confronted with unspeakable horrors.
I'll hodl you tight
I was writing my message to men.  You can read if you want.
This was the beginning of the beginning, then it was the middle of the beginning, then it was the near-end of the beginning.   But now?  Wow, it isn't even the middle of the near-end!  

Folks, this is the bottom of the top and the top of the bottom!  This is the left pulled all the way to the right, and then moved further right until it circles around and becomes the left once more.

It's a-zig-zaggin' and a womp boppin'!
Stand by..

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ck6Hcg2cjk&list=PLJhmviD_-i_-cQINoojICYq3kFsBdPtkH&index=26
What I don’t get about people like you is if you don’t believe anymore (if ever) in bitcoin then why are you here?
Bs, it’ll be a few days at least, maybe weeks.
I can handle that although I must admit these last three months have been very hard to take.  
I think you don't know what FUD means... 
Thats another group of people who change their opinions as bitcoin trend changes. FUD is something else which you are yet to understand I guess. 
The problem is, the moon and gloom preachers are likely the same people using different accounts. When they short, they predict doom. When they long they talk about moon and lambos. Then they short from a peak position and use another account to spread doom again. Rinse, repeat, then people like yourself blame it on those that don't participate in that game. Sorry, you don't get to blame those types of behavior on 99% of users that have nothing to do with it. On top of it, this doesn't make FUD any more substantial.
Whales don't use bots. I don't know where that assumption came from. Normal people use bots. Whales have a big ass room full of screens and people who will all pump and dump at the same time on every exchange. They then monitor to see how the market repsponds then make their next move. The big ass volume bars are from whales buying a shit ton when they see that all orders are pretty cheap. Then when they see people having orders that they would pay allot for coins. They dump. There is no need for them to use bots, they have a better chance making money with trading organizations. Noone would trust millions to a bot. They are highly organized, that's why most people seem to keep losing to the markets manipulation. Somehow the market is always against them. The whales actually are working hard, they are monitoring every buy/sell orders and strategizing. I guess people would like to think it's bots to make them feel better about losing their money.
My bot bought at 7400 and just sold at 6800...
no hodling 
So far no, they are only getting sodomized 
9k needs to go...
That’s my birthday. That’d be nice...
But it also demonstrates the markets sentiment, a strong belief that the price will go lower.
Thanks.

I was also reading that this indicates the market sentiments, that is, there are more and more people convinced that the bottom is yet to come and general trend is still bearish. But I do hope the shorts stay shorted. 
Cuz he's full of shit like the 99% of others who claim to know what's going on.
He makes his money off the "hodler" mugs, so it is a good idea to be here and observe their lemming-like thinking.    
How can you lose something you never had to start with?
Had you sold in december you would be up 3300% so see yourself as a greedy loser
How many accounts do u have ? 
If I had a satoshi every time people predicted a price and it proved wrong. 
And when it rises above 20k you will be calling the people fools who bought in at lower levels even though you secretly wish you were one of them
Supports are an illusion.  I wish people would stfu with their bitcoin lingo, its not predictable, there has never been a support, just ride the huge candle dicks till you cum or fall off.
I get what you're saying but the avalanche already started. We've been in slowly descending free fall since 10k broke.

 I still think btc is going to be hella lot, just need to go below the last point then swing up. 

Or maybe not and bitcoin ends up being a fad cuz taxes are still tied to them.
you must be a No-Coiner.  what are you so worried about and why are you here?
[deleted]
That guy changes his mind everyday, yesterday he said as long as $6500 holds then it could still give the bulls a chance.
Because "resistance" never "holds." Resistance is every goddamn price now.
Being high doesn’t make him wrong. 
Explain that one.
yes that was the problem with the insane price gains so its great we got this correction.  You can not buy this short term.  You must hold for 1-4 years and be researching and staying up to date with the industry.  
[removed]
Im just indulging you for the benefit of the real ppl on this forum.  Do you even own Coins?  Here for the Day?
You mean 'muh blockchain tech'? 
That was when bitcoin wasn't collapsing and we didn't need new suckers to prop it up.
Agreed. Until its sub 1000 at least. Which it will be. 
No dipshit, since you have the reading comprehension of a 2 year old let me try to make it clear.

I want more people to support Bitcoin. I specifically said not to con people and I stated that just getting them talking is enough.

I'm not a slave to money like you sheep
People are interested in bull runs and making money, not in utility.   That is why bitcoin will ultimately fail.
I would rather see 10k be the new standard

No, phuck dat shit, it's all over man!!!
Shorts at ATH, tether market cap at ATH. If we aren’t there yet we are very close. Bears be careful :) 
[deleted]
BitcoinZ
Thinking positive is about as useful as thoughts and prayers. 
Well now I *want* to know what he said.
I have exactly the same feeling. Although I also feel like everyone is expecting it which makes it from actually happening less likely in my experience. For now im just following it from the sidelines and will not buy before a significant drop or until we go above 7500.
My personal next buy in point would be a little above 5.8k. I believe it's the same for many people, because that's the downtrend line. At least for now.
In other countries they use decimal points I've noticed
How bad is your life man, you've been trolling for like 8hrs straight at this point.

Would you like to tell us what's gone so horribly wrong? Maybe we can help, never hurts to talk about it.

Or are you getting paid to do this?
1 mil/coin means a market cap of 16T+, the GDP of the entire US.  I do not see how that is a realistic scenario, esp given all the other crypto out there.  I think hodl'ers believing that there is a nonzero chance of mooning keeps the price afloat (barely), but is also what the scam artists are taking advantage of.
This video is a FUD. He promised to never let me down but here we are at 6500
6500 LOL. i said fuck it I'll wait til Summer
no not at all.  I feel confident that at the worst case scenario we will see ATH's by the next halving.  Best case scenario is this summer or by the end of the year.  I personally think we are close to the bottom but of course i wouldn't rule out another scary drop to 5k or below and then epic recovery.  We are witnessing the birth of a new industry.  Tons of money to be made and its also based on a revolutionary new technology that WILL get adopted because its better than our current system.  This is of course just my opinion based on research.  
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-06/george-soros-prepares-to-trade-cryptocurrencies-as-prices-plunge but just says that he'll be "trading", i.e., not necessarily going long.
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2018-04-06/george-soros-prepares-to-trade-cryptocurrencies-as-prices-plunge?__twitter_impression=true
It is not well known.

If it is substantiated, there will be quite a big pump.
Can the tax man really be blamed for the decline in bitcoin price?
It's **owned by PayPal**. It's on the first line of their [Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venmo) - they're just sneakily rebranding to make people think it's a new and better service when it's exactly the same. The Wikipeda page also mentions the fact that it's US-only, not global. It even states:

> The transfers can take one to three business days to become final.

...which makes it *slower than Bitcoin* too.
[deleted]
how did you buy your bitcoin? from some peer or from centralized exchange?
Exchanges cant freeze your account? And about merchat payments.. You can buy STICKERS and SHIRTS on LN.
Old Ver's loosing it eh? Well that explains that MrManHimself psychopath, he went rouge too but now just hates all crypto.
[deleted]
Not just in crypto, in stock and investment in general. Even in real estate - you don't buy the best house in the worst neighbourhood, you buy the worst house in the best neighbourhood. You buy cheap and ugly. You buy when buying isn't sexy. You vulture the stock when nobody wants it. When people call you an idiot for doing so. That's when you know it's the right time to buy. 

When I bought more in early 2015 after the big 2014 crash my friends laughed at me for buying something which had just lost 80% of its value. Bitcoin was dying. Dead. A lost cause. That's how I knew it was the perfect time to buy. 
My experience in Bitcoin is the best time to buy is when its correcting/below its last ATH.  There is no good reason to think this time is any different.  If I had any disposable income left i would at the very lest DCA right now on a weekly basis all the way up to 12-15k lets say. 
Well, there is blood on the streets right now and hardly anyone is buying, which is why the price is not going up.   So, where are the "every single successful crypto money-maker" you have listened to?
Lets see where it go’s 6.5k is where I put in at on Easter so either we approach the double bottom of the February dip or it go’s down much further. 
Nope, give yourself a few minutes to think it over.  Let me know if you need any help working it out.
Two weeks, one hour.
Thanks. I am bit thick on this but would you please elaborate how the number of shorts are being calculated ?
Will check. 
I still second guess myself though.  As a long time holder it does help with less emotion on the ups and downs, BUT my husband always seems to sway me with the graphs that show the adoption curve skyrocketing and never going down again.  Each time we have a huge rise he said, "We are never going back down" and I want to believe him.  But then it is a repeat of the same bubble cycle, yet at a higher price thankfully! We are forever in the "black" at this point, but bought back much too soon this time around.  Oh well.  It is a fun ride for adrenaline junkies!  ;)
I’ve been putting all my side money from my gigs into crypto the past few weeks. Hope we both make it to the moon :) 
>  D4rkEnergY

Who's he?   A nice, outstanding chap (like Yours Truly)?
Same thing I am always doing here: enlightening the benighted.   
That's exactly what I'm trying to do: tell them.   I'm glad you can see that.   I think there are a few people who understand the tech, but they are not that many around these parts.   Besides, what many miss is that it is not just the tech, but the whole "context" in which bitcoin exists.   
Your mother shits the bed. 
The prices we saw were greatly inflated, it will be while before we can expect that to be the norm. 

I mean, btc was trading for 8-1200 for like 2 years straight, then in a matter of 6 months we hit 20k

I say if we stay in the 4-6k range, that's still some pretty damn good gains and a sign of good things to come in the next few years.
Think win-win.

You get the tech. I will keep the money :) Let it grow. By the way Mcafee tweeted and increased his prediction from 1 million to 3 million per BTC by 2020 :)
Lost almost everything in 2000, Will never buy stocks again.
We all know Bitcoin will make us more money than the stock market, can't deny that.
I hear ya.  I do have a small amount of stocks--but I have a dream of someday having one full bitcoin and the longer I wait to make that happen the harder it is going to be.  
Have you ever tried to make 10 libertarians agree on something? OK, now try organizing thousands... I wouldn't hodl my breath. 
Been thinking this for awhile. Why are we not working together? Seems like the big banks are...
Fishies Unite!  That’s what I’ve been saying for weeks.  I just don’t have the time nor energy to organize it unfortunately.  But I’d certainly join the cause. 
This is basically what's already happening. The problem is that the majority would jump ship and take their profits with them.
Why would people in that group buy?   Because they believe in the tech? If so, then the price of btc should not matter.   Because they hope to make money from it?   From whom in that case?   Other members of the group?   
You must be new around here. We have had several speculative moons already.
No.  To moon (Dec 2017), then to cliff (Jul 2018), then off cliff (Dec 2018).
Milf gets my vote
Take your profit and get out now while you still can then,what are you waiting for, until you are in a loss? 
Holding ain’t easy
All these new Redditors who've been in the game for years suddenly registering to tell us they've reached the end of their tether and selling.
lol if you've been in the game since 2013 and haven't made enough money not to give a shit about what Bitcoin does at this point you've done it all wrong. 

I've been here since 2013 too and you should be playing with house money at this point. You say you've been here since 2013 but you sound like somebody who got in last December. 
I agree with you as I’ve been real about this from the start. That is why I set absolute cutoffs so I don’t get trapped into the HODL philosophy if the ship sinks. I always have an exit strategy to protect my gains. This is the point of my conversation. But being called a liar by the above reply’s just go’s to show how emotionally invested most people are on this commentary. A realist I am a liar I am not.
Intrinsic value. And if you can't see the value in bitcoin why are you here? Don't spread fud. 
Next moon eclipse.
It doesn’t but you can see the orders from multiple exchanges, charts, volume (other than coin base) and what the buy/sell orders are lined up on each exchange. I may have misunderstood your question.
Yeah, I agree it’s not just whale by any means. Also, I’d imagine it’s only been their goal to exit the market since the bubble started popping
It’s to get out. This time the problem is that everyone that’s underwater is going to bail out at breakeven and put a mad screeching halt to any future bull run. Then never return to crypto. That’s 3/4 of everyone in crypto now.
Many finance leaders from all around the world say that crypto currencies are here to stay. BTC is the leader of that technology. The current BTC market cap is ridiculously low for the leading crypto. If you believe that the future of crypto is bright, there is no reason to get out of BTC long term.
I don’t know, but I don’t think they could do the latter without their dollar cost average being significantly higher than the current bitcoin price. 
Site looks great otherwise! Very clean and nice UI. Would be great to be able to have more customisability on the dates for the price charts on each coin's page too so you can see slightly more specific date ranges, as that's something I use a lot on CoinMarketCap. 
yeah, I figured thats what you were referring too. I usually am thinking tax forward. So I cashed out some when the prices were up in late Feb to settle out before the rush.
I don’t get this logic. If I sold and made 30k, I’d pay the taxes on the 30k. Who in their right mind would try to get away with that?  Also, how the hell could you spend 30k that fast. 
 Agree that we in a bubble but far from popping. Not gonna happen that fast. 
Just like me! ;)
You forget that TA is a science, not an art.  

What you mean is:

* it may move sideways
What is the point though you don't know shit about the future of this technology but you act as if you are a prophet. What facts are you presenting?

This technology is still in it's infancy and literally a billion different scenarios can play out by the end of this year including the single one you have presented.

Your public service is meaningless because you are technically a nobody rambling on Reddit. You have no more insight into this matter than any of us.

Just let it be. 
Yes. One heck of a guy.
Yes.   One heck of a guy.
Yes. One heck of a guy.
So you really made a new account just to shit on Bitcoin huh?
Good luck with that.

To me this looks like a bear flag.

https://imgur.com/a/a6Ydv
You have summed it up quite nicely.   Thank you.
Pump has started..
[deleted]
If you really believed in bitcoin you wouldn't care about what it was worth in dollars. I don't check the value of my dollars against the Euro every day.  
There are two sides to a market....  
My heart goes out to people who bought in late fall/winter. 

I daytrade this shit so for me there's money to be made even on the way down but if you're holding and playing it safe this must be torture. 
[deleted]
You are completely wrong. 

The CME introduced a while ago that every order needs to have a flag if it's manually entered or if the decision to place this order was completely automated. 90% + of the orders are in the latter category. 

So you are completely wrong. 
Source?
So does $20k, but lets get some positive momentum going first... 
You share a birthday with Adolf Hitler.
yes, the shorts are convinced that bottom is yet to come while the longs are convinced otherwise - time will tell.  That being said, the short side of the equation has gotten more crowded so if the price starts to go against them, they will need to panic buy.


Haven't you heard? Everyone here sold at 19k and are now waiting for 4k cause they know it's happening. 
Had I sold, I may have spent the money.  

And then I wouldn't own BTC which will be worth far more in the future.
One.  Do I need another?
you would have no satoshi
Exactly. FOMO. People will say, "told you so, sucka!"

But if it does drop then he can say he told you so. 
Takes balls to bet against something that has a history of rising 2000% plus after crashes like we've just had. 
[deleted]
fad


Ok, just add whatever angles you need.
or right.
I am unclear on what you want me to explain.   
but Bitcoin is the bell weather.  It has to hit 100k for this industry to succeed.  Once it does that the entire world will stop fighting it and accept it.  First they Laugh at you, then they Fight you, then accept it.  We are still in the Laugh/Fight stage, but more Fight at this point
Thank you for that.   Yes, I do own some coins.   No, I will be back tomorrow and for as long as it takes for my warnings to get through.
Blockchain is part of the essence, but only part.  There are aspects beyond that.   
That's just a phase. Bitcoin is experiencing puberty.
No sir, phuck you! It's been over!!!
Nothing to see here. A casual observer was passing by and thought of saving the humanity from this evil called bitcoin. Why dont you fuck off. 
You seem pretty passionate about it for a casual observer though.

Bitter hey?  Amateur economist who didn't buy at the right time?

Despite the 'crash' you keep bitterly commenting on, my crypto-portfolio is up 1200% since I invested.

It's not too late to buy; do you really want your nose pressed up to the window looking in all your life?

Ho ho.
Casually click Done (top left) 
He said “ I assure you bitcoin is finished”. It was the usual username12345 guy or whatever. I can’t even remember his username.  
He said BTC will go up to $10K by next month.
Yes, but they need to be used cautiously in print.
I wouldn't call it trolling.  I am on a mission to make sure that people understand the dangers of all this "cryptocurrency" stuff.   

Nothing "went wrong" with me, but I have seen the increasingly bad world that we are in with these scams and misguided get-rich-quick schemes.   

No, I don't get paid, but if you are so inclined, feel free to donate to the cause.   Thank you, Brother & Friend.
Market cap does not mean that there is exactly that much money in there. It's just the total possible amount of Bitcoins multiplied by current price.

All it would take to get the price that high is if some billionaire decided to buy a few 100k of coins - all the coins for sale would get rapidly exhausted and the price will shot up unconstrained, and would likely linger there for a while, supported by the extreme FOMO that would follow.
Getting back to 6500, get your fiat ready. 
Honestly, if you’re basing your investment decisions on the assumption that the worst case scenario is that Bitcoin doesn’t reach 20k until mid 2020, you are playing a dangerous game.
My mind agrees with you. My gut doesn't. But I prefer to listen to my mind.
I wouldn't count on it.
Yes, its definitely a factor. Combine that with the Mt Gox liquidations and there's the culprit. 
Yup, like when Facebook bought Instagram.

People are like, "F*ck FB, I'm deleting my account and going to Instagram!"
**Venmo**

Venmo is a mobile payment service owned by PayPal. It allows users to transfer money to one another (within the U.S. only) using a mobile phone app or web interface. It handled 17.6 billion dollars in transactions in 2016. In Q1 of 2017, it handled 6.8 billion dollars in transactions, which more than doubled its volume in Q1 of 2016.

***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28
[removed]
**Venmo**

Venmo is a mobile payment service owned by PayPal. It allows users to transfer money to one another (within the U.S. only) using a mobile phone app or web interface. It handled 17.6 billion dollars in transactions in 2016. In Q1 of 2017, it handled 6.8 billion dollars in transactions, which more than doubled its volume in Q1 of 2016.

***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28
As Ver knows, 'to love oneself is the beginning of a life-long relationship.'
says redditor for 4 days
Oh damn, this time is different everybody.  Pack it up... Bitcoin is dead.
so true and can't argue with somebody who's been in way longer than me.  3 years ago I was a newbie to investing in general.  I finally had some extra money and bought great stocks Amazon 350, BABA at 70, Apple at 90, Facebook 75, Visa 64, Boeing 125 and a few others.  Unfortunately i panic sold after 6 months and wound up losing about 4 grand.  Since then I've watched those stocks go on to double and more.  After learning that lesson I decided that any extra money was better spent on paying down my mortgage as stocks were getting too high and i thought pre-paying my mortgage was the safest bet (even though I know many ppl disagree).  

Anyway fast forward to May 2017 and Bitcoin popped up on my radar.  I didn't understand it when I originally heard about it in 2013 but for some reason it started to interest me last May and i dug into the tech, significance etc.  It became super obvious to start accumulating and I swore to myself I will not panic sell and my time frame is a minimum 1-4years.  Who knew the first year would be the hardest, but i don't see any reason why it won't eventually surpass last ATH, perhaps its this year.
You are so right. Boy does history keep repeating. 
Great feedback. but here is the key question. you need to have believe in the tech/asset behind.... do you have that belief in bitcoin or cryptos in general?
there are only so many successful crypto money makers.... they are all in already...

Plus they know that blood is not enough, they are waiting for more blood...

The negative sentiment and nay-sayers will always buy high and sell low and then sit outside moaning about the scams. 
You buy $10k worth of bitcoins. It doesn't matter what price you pay as both will lose $10k. 
...and 36 seconds.
It's BS and it's not true short selling.  It's some synthetic representation of buy interest vs sell interest,  total hocum.

A short sale is when you borrow a share from an exchange,  and sell it immediately.

You have to give that share back to the exchange at some point.  When the price goes down,  you buy a share on the open market,  return it to the exchange 'covering your short'.  You sold high,  and bought low so you profit,  instead of the opposite,  buy low sell high.

* Shorting in the equities market is regulated and controlled.
* An exchange will only lend you the share if you have other assets in the exchange to cover incase you never return the share.  Only the better ecchange clients are approved to short typically.
* exchanges have to accurately report how many shares they have lent out to short sellers.
* the only skin in the game for the exchange is the trading fees,  which in a short sale is a double whammy,  the exchange is guaranteed TWO fees.

Now in the unregulated crypto markets,  the exchanges are NOT required to do anything!

Now factor in that crypto started crashing almost as soon as the first CME options started trading,  (options are NOT short selling).  They gave a clear indication no one was very interested taking the short side of an option,  hence LITTLE SHORT interest was observed.

To a professional short seller,  little short interest in a market in an obvious speculative bubble was a dream come true,  and they borrowed and sold, crashing the market.  


No idea. 
Pretty sure it’s how many coins are currently being shorted. 
my experience is always buy whenever its below ATH's.  once it gets back up time to stop buying and take the ride.  Perhaps this time take some profits but maybe always keep a long term stash.  Im def gonna cash out a little bit the next rise, but for sure am waiting for the 100k and intend to pass down to my kids
hellz yea and the odds are you invested at the best time.  
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/22CEqM9L-WOW-The-LIE-About-BITCOIN-This-Is-What-Will-Happen-Now-MAYBE/
Sweet, thank you for replying. Now your blocked haha see ya!
/s
Well we both win 😎👍 that’s the beauty of bitcoin
No he didn’t. 
I disagree.
:)
I mean it worked in finding nemo lol 
Definitely not new. But BTC's value hasn't even hinted at if it's adopted. If it's not adapted, it'll be a rocky road to zero. If it is adopted - still, admittedly, a big if - it will make the current ATH look like a daily fluctuation.
No. I set fundamental cutoff’s to give the chance that it could go up again. When it reaches my trigger point I cash out. Besides its gotta go down a real long ways before I am at a true loss. I am protecting my gains.
yes and looking at the price, it seems to be correct too. 
Fuck tether. 
Yeah ok. Because you really know how much Ive made and how much I hold. I don’t need to prove anything to you.
Ya anyone with emotional talk is automatic ignore.

This is purely business. Profits and losses. I don't care about your morals or philosophy about Bitcoin and how it's gonna save the world or whatever else dumb shit people spew.

This is simply price action...the trend has been set since the manipulated run up to 19k...and it's clearly been a down channel but proven support and bounces have established in the 5-6k range...so play the tight range and exit on the bounce when it happens

If it breaks under 5k and goes toward 4, good night. 
k thx
All good, I think I like your site better than cryptowat.ch, which was my go to. I'll do more research. 
[deleted]
Very succint and accurate analysis!
The fact that they are "here to stay" does not necessarily mean that they will be a big part of the financial system, all it means is that they will exist.   Moreover, since you have no basis for determining the "fair market value" of any crypto, you also have no basis for stating that "BTC market cap is ridiculously low for the leading crypto". 

The future of crypto is actually very dim, and that is very evident in the continuing downward trend.  (Please don't say "it has gone down before and then gone up!".   There was very little awareness of such things back then.)
[deleted]
>I’d pay the taxes on the 30k. Who in their right mind would try to get away with that?

There is nothing illegal about not paying your taxes so long as you pay the penalty and interest to the IRS.  It happens a lot in bankruptcy proceedings,  large estates that go to probate,  weird stuff like that. 

|Also, how the hell could you spend 30k that fast.

Here is a scenario illustrating to don't have to spend a penny

You buy bitcoin early in 2017 worth $1000

Later it is worth $10,000,  so you do what a lot of early 'traders' did,  sell 10% of your holdings to recoup your initial investment,  and you now have $9,000 in bitcoin profit that is your 'further investment money',  (you think).  So you take your bitcoins and start trading them into alt coins.  Before 2017 ends,  you have a diversified portfolio,  %25 BTC,  10% ??? ....   whatever.

So that means you sold 75% of your bitcoin when you traded it for your alt coin portfolio.

Uncle Sam will tax those sales.

So Now it's 2018,  and you realize you own tax on more than the 10% sale to fiat,  you own tax on the 75% (of the remaining 90%) to traded into alts.

Your tax bill is larger than you expected,  and you don't have the cash to pay those taxes,  so you have to sell NOW regardless,  because you are SO afraid of being in debt to the IRS!

It wasn't a pop either in 2001,  more like a long greasy fart.  
Does that mean you like some good dickin' ?
I don't see how your rudeness and foul language contributes anything useful.   Please mend your ways.   

I have presented numerous helpful facts on this forum.   A good start for you would be in the public-service announcement on this very "Daily Discussion" thread.

I do know a great deal about the technology.   I also know a great deal of the general context around bitcoin.   It is on the basis of my deep knowledge and broad expertise that I am in a position to give the advice I have given.

Yes, one may argue that in theory there are "literally a billion different scenarios can play out by the end of this year".   One can and may make such an argument on just about anything.   Nevertheless, the practical reality will always more constraining, and the practical reality for bitcoin is that it is slowly sinking.   Expect $3K at the end of the year. In know that's tough to swallow, given the dreams of many, but with my timely warning at least those who are wide-awake will be prepared.   Good luck!
They accused me of being multiple accounts, too. Welcome to the club. We are the Illuminati!
No.. he's really not. The only word to describe him now is "bitter."
Hey MrManSuxHimself where’s your other friend FableLeg?
How am I shitting on bitcoin?
yes,bear flag
and any pump now is bull trap
I do not understand "hodl at any cost"
the btc is in clear, affirmed downtrend...
not everyone knows that earn is possible even when btc go down ?
Yup, It turned around. I haven't looked to much at the charts today, I wasn't actually going to buy. Not feeling it yet, but if it does jump up to 6800 that could be a 2k profit on a 1 btc leverage. 
If it goes lower than 6k it’s a bear flag. It could very well also be testing the February low once more before moon
Only one exchange - stand by..  30 mins max.
Believing in bitcoin means believing it will be adopted and used by the masses.  Being adopted leads to higher prices. So no, you do not really believe in what bitcoin should be. It is not meant to be a niche technology. 
It is. 

In the past three months I reduced my avg. costs from $15000 to $10000 by buying the dips.

That's still a loss of over 30%. It hurts.


Mine too, thankfully I am still in profit but it was a lot more when we were at $20k
The wales are actually sentient bots themselves,  rouge ai with one goal and one goal alone. sell when itplanb buys and buy when he sells 

At most the "Bots" they use are just a program that helps them make massive trades on all exchanges at the press of a button. Which is more like a macro more than anything. People talk about these "Bots" as if they are getting beat in the market by smart AIs. Bots suck at trading. If they were so good, Day Trading in stocks and crypto would make you a millionaire. All they can do is automate what the user wants it to do. So even without blaming the "Bots", the Whales would still own you without using automated software.
I'm not sure what you just said there. You just said everything was flagged so I dunno what you are arguing about. If you mean that they can't use bots/macros because they will get flagged you are wrong. Regular people use bots lol. Look up "profit trailer". 
Source of what? It's like.... Logically common sense. Source of regular people's bot? It's called Profit Trailer. And no those bots won't make you rich. Bots can't think. 

Yeah, I know...
Doesn’t matter what you would hace done with the money after you sold it. At the moment you sold it you would be 3x richer than if you sold today.
One might not be enough to become a certified FUD. 
I could have 50 bitcoins by now.
........and that is the great squeeze at the moment as I don’t like losing money. 
Nah bitcoin is something else than all the other stocks. As long as it keeps changing price drastically, theres "gold" to be made. Once it finally stabilizes it's going to be boring.
> All the hodlers are getting fucked right now.

Doesn't make sense. HODLers didn't hold to realize at this moment, so why are they fucked? HODLers don'tgive a damn about the current price.
Gotta love the shills am I right? Must be getting desperate to stoop this low.
>  It has to hit 100k for this industry to succeed.

Why exactly?

> Once it does that the entire world will stop fighting it and accept it.

Sorry.  Contrary to what bitcoin zealots think, the world has since moved on from the few crazy days of 2017.  Nobody was ever fighting bitcoin, but it has certainly become more urgent for the proper authorities to clamp down on all these crypto scams.

>  First they Laugh at you, then they Fight you, then accept it. 

Yes.  And then there is the other version: laugh at you, fight you, and then forget about you.
They never will shill.
And what reason do you have to believe that things will get better?  The rest of the world have no problems with using just their cash and credit and debit cards.  They don't give a f**k abuout anonymous and decentralized and what not.  Nor can they be bothered with tedious business of setting up wallets, keeping seeds and what-not-safe, etc.
What the phuck!!!
[deleted]
reminds me of the 'neutrals' who celebrate and laugh whenever the All Blacks lose a game of rugby 
Ah I see, lots of those guys here ATM. Theyre feeding the conspiracy theorist in me.
Yes but a charitable interpretation would see the dates associated with the numbers and surmise that the . Can be seen as commas 
What's your wallet address?
I don’t believe you. 
I sincerely hope that within your "seem" you have "seen" the increasingly bad world. 
Lmao
when i got involved it was because of the technology, its implications, problems it solves, why its better than current systems, who the players in the game are, what they are saying, what they are doing.  I personally don't think its a scam and feel that we are witnessing the birth of a new gigantic industry.  I don't rule out more pain before gain though.  While i wouldn't recommend taking a mortgage out, i think putting 500-1k for long term few years is a no brainer
20k in mid 2020  is  conservative
If you need to recoup some losses, stand by.

I don't care personally, I just hodl.
Thanks for contributing to the discussion without any unnecessary added profanities or personal insults.
> i don't see any reason why it won't eventually surpass last ATH

Here's a reason: the last ATH was the result of a greedy FOMO rush by all sorts of suckers; painful lessons have been learned; so won't happen again.
great feedback. do you still have faith and belief in bitcoin and cryptos in general?
Except that the conditions of any time in previous history are no longer the same. There are no easy entry places in the US for onboarding fiat. Banks around the world are starting to prevent crypto transactions and ceasing services to anyone involved in crypto. Tax laws are taking any potential profits and the disdain for crypto in the general public is palpable. No one outside of crypto is interested. In fact quite the opposite now. I’m guessing if everything stays just as it is today with no further preventative / prohibitive regulations this will eventually go to $1k bounce back to $2k, down to $500 then $0.1, there will be no December bull run. If the regulations come, it will be the same, only faster.
> successful crypto money makers.

The ones that are moaning about scams are probably the ones that are getting fleeced by the "successful crypto money makers".
Maybe in your universe Bitcoin goes to zero but not in mine.
Thanks for elaborating. Very informative. 
This plan has been great and my only regret is not sticking with it 100%.  We would have even more coin/cash if we had been careful to follow fully.  But we thought we had some coins hacked so wanted to buy back this time.  Kept some cash out.  But still it really is the wisest plan to have (basically selling 10% of BTC holdings each time the price doubles, with option to buy back on dips.) 

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=345065.0
I see.   He looks like some kind of Italian monk.  Is he the Fibonnacci the TA types keep talking about?
"You're" or "you are".   The rest is homework for you.
You are confusing greed with protecting your gains, you are clearly not protecting your gains. 
If you're intent on selling the bottom, sure.
Your replies are dripping of despair and capitulation. You don't sound at all like somebody who's accumulated wealth. 

You're right though you don't need to prove anything nor am I asking you to. 
*exactly and thank you for sounding off on a real conversation that actually is a realistic and a very valid point.
> What about the many institutions that missed the train and are about to get their chance. Or those who sold high and are there ready to reinvest once low enough.

Why would they get in now?   To make money?   From whom?
120 billion dollars for a global currency is ridiculously low. Canada alone has 70 billion in cash circulating. Canada also makes up 2% of the world GDP. You get the idea. 120 billion USD marketcap is the tip of the iceberg.
Please take a step back and look how the price moved on a broader scale.
The market goes down for 100 days after going up for around 900 days, I would not call the future very dim just yet.

They wouldn’t be coming out of bitcoin now if they thought it was going to sky rocket up massively in the near future 
That is what happened to  me, but I cashed out 6000 in December and my 1099-K said I made $209000 from buying and selling. But I only had to pay taxes on the $6000 and my buys and sell ended in losses because I bought high sold low.
All the fixins'!
Lol if you think I would listen to anything said on reddits public discussion regarding crypto.

Put your money where your mouth is if by the end of the year Bitcoin is 3k I will give you 1 Bitcoin otherwise you give me the difference between bitcoins price and your prediction. 

Otherwise stop posting.
I am actually one of Ver's sock puppet bots that went rogue.
Bitter or better?   Certainly better, as he is always improving himself.
> I do not understand "hodl at any cost"

Give it a few years. You will understand my young padawan.
If you bought at 10K+, what do you do when you see it going to the  dogs?   Bail out at a loss, or keep dreaming of a rebound?   "Hodl at any cost" is just a natural psychological reaction to fear and tough times.
Sure, not everything that looks like a bear flag turns out to be one.
I mined and a traded most of my holdings still if I counted equipment cost, I'm basically at break even right now. If I just consider electricity, well then I'm good down to 1k
[deleted]
Watch any doc on stocks and youll see theres plenty of AI going on.
The bulk of the volume comes from wales, wales use automated programs to trade without any human intervention

you stated that's not the case, I'm in the industry, i know, you don't know anything
So you pulled that novelesque description of whale business just out of your ass? 
Just get high then no one will know
I wish you could buy put options. 
I find it best to use stocks as a bit of a guidance, but not as a clear indicator. 

There are some similarities, but also a lot of discrepancies. 

Seems to me at this point that non of us really know what's going, on or what's going to happen. At least, if there are those who do, they aren't sharing. (The bastards)
> HODLers don'tgive a damn about the current price.

So they say.  Which is why it is so amusing that they are getting fucked.   But they have the tech, right?   And freedom from governments and banks and what-not, right?   LOL!
it is weird that ppl spend their time shilling this.  id imagine a million more ways to spend my time
ok it doesn't have to hit 100k ., but passing ATH's is a great place to start.  

The world hasn't moved on, its just getting started and the ATH was the mainstream breakthrough.  Now we are in the digestion phase but soon the Bitcoin Monster will be hungry again for eating Fiat and the next rise will occur.  Then he will take another big ass dump.  Then he will eat again and eventually the market will be at more stable prices.

If they wanted to Forget about you then Why is CNBC doing Segments every night about Bitcoin on Fast Money?  Why do they show the price of Bitcoin throughout the show?  Why has Brian Kelly publicly stated he's All In.  Why are newspapers and other biz magazines starting to quote the bitcoin price in the Finance sections?
I don't know if you remember the early days of the internet. 

*Everything* was tedious. But it got more easy, yet it is still based on the same protocol.

Bitcoin is a protocol. It will get easier to use it.
Who knows who lost money ? 
[deleted]
1Ez69SnzzmePmZX3WpEzMKTrcBF2gpNQ55
Did you even have to ask?
You have a bad attitude.
Huh?
I wish you good luck :)
I didn’t disagree with that
you really believe we won't pass ATH again?
markets go through cycles.  Ups and Downs'.  The next up will be bigger and the next down will be bigger and repeat.  Most ppl won't start adopting the technology though until the market is much more mature., at that point you will get the benefits of the technology but not so much the financial gains
yes 100%.  not selling. i think this is the birth of a new industry and asset class.  this shit should of died years ago but didn't.  now we have legit exchanges like Coinbase and Gemini.  I also predicted 8 months ago that CNBC would dedicate shows to it.  Now they talk about it on Fast Money every night and even more surprising they have the Bitcoin Price up for the entire show.  I don't take that as a coincidence.  I feel like we are at the bottom here, but perhaps it crashes more, but if you are not already in the game holding, you will miss out on the best days
Once it hits the floor (if it hasn’t already) after a cooling off period it will rise again. 
I wonder if you actually believe the garbage you just posted, it has never been easier to buy crypto and the tax issue has been around for years.  Anyone who thought that crypto would never be taxed is a moron. 
>No one outside of crypto is interested. 

This isn't true, in my experience. I'm just a boring mid 30s soccer mum. Though I have an IT background I'm no tech whiz. A lot of my 'mum friends' are asking me about crypto now. I know 2 who have since bought some. Regular people are getting involved and I think we'll see more and more mainstream adoption.
This is very true, but it is very painful for bitcoin zealots (who hope to get rich) to accept it.   So expect a lot of angry, negative responses and downvotes.
clever world mate, it is the survival of the fittest. Praise them for their skills. They didn't threatened someone to buy at ATH :)

It is the people's own mistake. 

(I also made that mistake to buy high to some degree but I don't blame anyone else for that. i take it on the chin, learn from it and move on)
But I guess when it does go to zero it won't affect me at all.  You on the other hand will be quite sad.  I don't understand your Universe comment.  We all live on Earth.  On Earth bitcoin will go to zero.  
thats a great idea 
Yep, why do people buy stocks, commodities, and bitcoins at the top of the market and sell at the bottom? That's not how you make money with any of this. FOMO screws so many people. 
I am not in despair- far from it. I am tired of seeing my earnings shrink. I sold all my BTH at the highs and bought at 6500 during the last dip and now theres talk of another bear revival. 6200 I am out and Ill still walk away with a huge profit. Its matter of getting out completely or staying in. 
[deleted]
You should check out Elliott Wave Principle that should answer your question.
> 120 billion dollars for a global currency is ridiculously low.

You still haven't given a basis for such a statement.   A simple belief on your part is not enough.   What's more, to most wide-awake people, the current market caps are ridiculously high, given that it is solely based on speculative greed and not on the production and consumption of useful goods and services, as happens with whatever cash is circulating in Canada.    
You have forgotten one little, awkward fact:   the tremendous rises in the past will not be repeated, because people are now more aware and will not be FOMO-scammed.   If you are hoping for a repeat of the past, you are in for a very rude shock.
Yea my example wasn't realistic,  it assumed you just made two transactions,  one to sell to recoup initial investment,  and a series of trades from bitcoin to alts,  and then you never traded again and just sat.  Not what really happens mostly.  I just wanted to illustrated to don't have to stupidly spend your money to be in tax debt.


I happily accept your wager.  So I will continue posting.
Bail out before you lose it all.
Think we all on planb at this point
Thats exactly what i just said. With the exception that whales will not let automated bots freaking trade millions of dollars without their supervision. They are manually triggering the automated programs. Meaning they are actually doing the thinking, they just let the macros do the dirty clicking work. People like to cry "AI Bots" because they for some reason don't think whales are smart enough to be beating them in the market.
Yep, because if such bot did exist, stock market and bitcoin would have been dead in a week of existence. Pretty rational conclusion really.
Don't Sieg Heil or everyone will know
I just told you whats going to happen...
Well there are large institutions that have unfathomable amounts to gain from maintaining the status quo. Bitcoin is a threat to that - that all I'm going to say. :)
Why is George Soros even wasting his time on this market?
> If they wanted to Forget about you then Why

Simple: the forgetting has yet to happen.  

Compare all the media attention that led to the end-2017 FOMO rush and the effect of the media attention that you now claim, and you will see where things are headed. Brian Kelly (who is what?) has said ,,, use you head instead of just mindlessly following some "celebrity"!

[removed]
relax bro, you’re on reddit.
Ok there mr parade pisser. 
So cute. Try not to edit yourself so much in the future. 

thanks man, its gonna be the ride of the century for sure
Sorry, will not happen again.   With the near-collapse of bitcoin and the scams of ICOs and other cryptocurrencies, the general public will stay out.    And without substantial new money, forget any serious rise in price.    The long-term trend for bitcoin etc. is a slow, painful ride to the bottom.   If you are smart, get out now; don't be the kind of fool who believes in "look it has gone down before, and then look at how much it rose after that!".   
> The next up will be bigger and the next down will be bigger and repeat. 

On what basis do you say that?  Because bitcoin has gone down and then up in the past?    That's simply dumb; the world is now more aware that it was in the past.

> Most ppl won't start adopting the technology though until the market is much more mature.

What does "market ... more mature mean"?
thanks mate. definitely holding me too. 
[removed]
You’re thinking that the US regulators won’t start preventing people from buying it legally. I tend to think they will make it illegal as soon as a digital dollar is available. So there will be no cooling off period, only further cooling until completely frozen. Crypto will be back underground permanently. Blockchain companies will flourish on the equity markets. Cash settled futures markets Ike CBOE and CME will see increased activity. Further interest in cryptocurrencies will go the way of the fidget spinner. Not gone, but quite pointless.
There's a lot of them, they suffer from a pretty bad case of learned helplessness disorder and it's accompanied pessimism. They think everything is hopless and no one will ever succeed at anything. 

Best to just move on, they have a high probability of being "alt right" and you don't want to go down that rabbit hole.
Any mainstream Joes interested in Bitcoin already bought during the run up to $20k and got burned. No new money is entering this space. 
Use your head.  Obviously he doesn't mean literally nobody.   What me means is that the number is negligible.
To lose 80% of your money put in? Dont be stupid. Give them stern words of caution. Take it from experience, it sucks.
Someone has to lose money in order for someone else to gain money. It's a zero sum game. Everyone can't be a winner.
> I don’t need to prove anything to you

Proceeds to try and convince me. 

How are your earnings 'shrinking' if you've been here since 2013?! 

Why didn't you sell in 2015 when Bitcoin tanked from $1200 to $200? Why is THIS the breaking point? Bitcoin lost more of its value in 2014 then it has in the last 3 months. 

See how you can tell who's really been here since 2013 and who hasn't?
This is the way the market works. Things go up, things go done. Be a trader and don't get emotionally attached and you will be ok. No need to capitulate. You can't always win, you just need to win more than you lose to get ahead. 
No, it is not.  The only reason for investing is the hope of making money in the long run.   From whom are they hoping to make that money, and on what basis?
BTC is a currency, and as a currency is used to purchase goods and services. A country can't have say 1 million USD in circulation because the demand requires much more than that to handle the flow of goods and services. My argument is that the global economy's sum goods and services requires a much higher market cap. It has little to do with speculation, unless you're speculating that BTC will become that global currency. Do you think a global currency would have only 120 billion USD marketcap?
I just think it's still too early to tell, but of course the situation should be reevaluated on a daily/weekly/monthly basis.
If I invested 10k in bitcoin, made 5k profit and 2 months later lost 5k in profit, would that not result in 0% taxes since the net profit is 0?
Keep in mind that during that whole time I kept on buying and selling over and over again from fiat to bitcoin and still ended up loosing the initial 5k in profit.

This whole tax thing is a little confusing, do you still pay taxes on the profit that was made even though the end result is the orIginal 10k that you began investing with? Meaning no profit actually made at the end.
Enjoy your 9 months of posting until you have to create a new account.


That is a terrible deal, regardless of what happens to bitcoin
They are not manually triggering the automated programs. The automated programs are making their own decision without human intervention. 

Please stop posting you know nothing. 
I don't believe you.
they will benefit from the the technology too.  Jobs will be lost.  New Jobs created.  The 20k peak was the mainstream breakthrough .  the next rise will be validity 
Pay attention, because you are about to learn something that the fleeced sheeple never understand.   

In any bubble, who really makes the money and who ends up holding the bag.   2008 was a big one.   Who went laughing to the bank, and who got a proper pole in the rear end?   Now, in this bitcoin bubble, which side is Soros on and which side are the dim redditors on?

Try to use your head.   Don't just start jerking off with "George Soros is in, so this is a great sure thing!".   Have you heard what the man really thinks of bitcoin, but which apparently won't stop him from making money off the fools?
It's not just *some* protocol. It's the only protocol that managed to stay alive, unhacked (except for that one time very early in its history), for 9 years.


What are you on about?
once i get my taxes paid id be willing to do a bet.  maybe we could use a smart contract?  Or are you a No-Coiner?
when volatility reduces and gains are like 2% and 3% .... 5 to 10 years old and more....
Based on what I've seen so far, I don't think that has ever happened.
So far the SEC has been friendly to crypto for the most part.  One thing going for us is the younger generations are far more open to crypto than the older generations.  In the long run the young is likely to put pressure on regulators to allow it to continue.    A dollar coin wouldn’t be embraced unless it is decentralized and capped, which wouldn’t even make sense for the govt to do. That is the whole point of bitcoin. It should not be controlled by any entity. And if it’s not capped then more can be created just like fiat.   
Thats what I'm saying is not true, in my experience. You can also see that the number of new wallets is still steadily rising. Now granted they don't all represent new users but some do. If there were a dramatic drop in the amount people entering crypto, you'd expect the rate of increase in wallets to also drop.
I don't advise them either way. I just explain blockchain tech to them the best I can and tell them how buying it works and about wallets. I leave their investment decisions up to them in the end.
you must of bought on pure speculation.  Only buy once you understand the tech and potential.  after that continually do research to justify the long term viability and watch as many interviews of ppl in the industry.  Otherwise you will indeed think its going to 1k and lower and is worthless and panic sell.  This correction is coming to an end, it will slowly rebuild.  The Point is if you don't think Bitcoin is awesome and have a general understanding of it, then don't buy.
I'm sorry if you've lost 80%, that would suck. I'm still very much in front and have made sure not to put in more than I can afford to lose.
Hey asshole. I DID sell in 2014 at 900$ and I bought back in  at 200$ after it flattened out.
Bitcoin is barely used to purchase goods and services anywhere.   To the extent that it is (very very slightly used), it is more like tokens in some specialty environment or gift cards or ...

> 120 billion dollars for a global currency is ridiculously low.

Bitcoin as a global currency?  LOL!  You people are serious dreamers!

> My argument is that the global economy's sum goods and services requires a much higher market cap. 

A much higher market cap for bitcoin, which is mostly used for only greedy speculation and criminal activities?   I don't think so.    **What's more, as it becomes less useful for those activities its market cap will inevitably drop to zero or near-zero.** When you look at it a year from now, remember I told you that.    
>If I invested 10k in bitcoin, made 5k profit and 2 months later lost 5k in profit, would that not result in 0% taxes since the net profit is 0?

Yes,  so long as this happens in the same tax year,  I think people are missing that this discussion revolves around spanning the 2017 & 2018 tax years.
Is that how you are planning to flee by night?
Then why are you people even here if that's what you truly believe? You like donating them money? If that is really the case, you cannot win. Stock Market wouldn't exist, Bitcoin will die. Use your head dude. It doe not make sense.
Ur loss
No they benefit from things staying the same. But those cucks clearly see value in Bitcoin, they are actively trying to steal the technology to create their own garbage inflation shit coin.
Well guess what my cousin is one of his Traders at his office in Connecticut!  Yes you heard me right, i don't really talk about it much but its true.  Whenever i see him though he doesn't tell me anything specifically.  Although over Easter Weekend when i asked do you think that was the Last ATH he looked at me - SMILED then LAUGHED!
> It's the only protocol that managed to stay alive, unhacked ...

Seriously?   What exactly does "protocol" mean to you?

Staying alive?   That's it?   You think that will ensure its ultimate success even without any real uses?   What exactly has been accomplished with that "protocol" in the 9 years?
Your spelling. 
Nobody will remember bitcoin in 10 years.   In 5 years the only thing that can be said is that the total collapse will be complete.    
If you timed the market so perfectly then - you wouldn't give a flying fuck about the price today because you would be a millionaire by now. 

Keep stumbling over your own lies it's entertaining. 

You sound like a fucking liar.
True, the purchasing ease has been slow to come, but it is coming. Even as a pure store of value, consider gold's valuation at 8 trillion worldwide. BTC is now only 1/64 th in value to gold, yet is easier and safer to deliver.
I'm not believing anything I'm stating facts. I'm reacting to people like you pretending they know something while they don't and they are spreading false information to others who might read your nonsense and take it as knowledge. 
agree but things do change.  And now they do more than ever.  Technology and innovation has already disrupted countless industries.  Many people have lost jobs and new jobs have been created.  I see this as the birth of a new industry.   Adapt or Get Left Behind 
Right now, it just has to stay alive. Which means that it is truly secure. Real world uses *will* be built upon it.

Lightning network is just the beginning. It takes time. Rome wasn't built in one day.
in your dreams mate, it is already 9 years old and selling for thousands....

what is stopping it to live another 9 years?

nothing.
Ok- believe what you fucking want. But I am the guy that is actually winning as I still do have nice profits. Ill let you fuckers know when I sell my stake( if I do) because right now I still have some hope. But I do have a absolute cutoff. Anyways, I’ve became a redditor about 3mths ago to get a pulse of what was going on with the market at the time of the drop from19k to now. It appears that I am being entertained by people like you that really are the true emotional ones. Its truly funny to be called a liar. But thats fine the disappointment for me is not having an intelligent conversation on reddit but get into a pissing match with some real jackasses. I suppose that it is time for me to move on.
This is exactly why I am seriously considering leaving this for good. You have absolutely know idea of who I am or what I have. Nor would I ever try and prove it to you on a public commentary. So we are at a mute standpoint. Believe whatever you want about me and conclude your own opinion’s that’s perfectly fine. But Ill wait around a little longer to see what happens here. But at 6200. I am out- 
well if any of you were around at that time you would know that it stayed in the 200-300 range for a long time. After Mt Gox 
Easier and safer to deliver for what purpose?    The problem with BTC is that its value is based on nothing.   And you misunderstand the so-called market cap.  Let me see if I can explain it succinctly.

BTC reached its highest "market-cap" so far back in Dec 2017.   That was almost-entirely driven by the mad FOMO greed in the last quarter of 2017.  (Given the painful lessons that have since been learned, such FOMO is never coming back.)

The current "market-cap" has nothing to do with any real value of BTC.   The only reason the "market-cap" has not yet fallen to zero is that there are still enough people (some of whom have already lost their shirts) who still foolishly  believe that the past will be repeated.   

With the prospects of little real use in sight, the only path for BTC is down.


So you sir know the facts bout the whole system. How many lambos u have? There are no facts about any of this. Are you aware that you are doing the same thing I am doing? Spreading false talks about a super smart AI bot that will take all your money. Yea.....
I don't see them succeding in creating their own inflation shit coin.  There are too many issues in doing that.  And even if they did they can't just do it over night.  It will take many years to implement.  Bitcoin and crypto is 9 years ahead and stronger than ever.  
Hmm, someone recently posted a comment over on the bcash sub using the exact same analogy and similar wording. 

Edit: why are you arguing with a JP Morgan sock puppet?
Who will build these "uses", and why would they be bothered to?  LN just is just some more software for the existing bitcoin zealots to play around with.   **It will not make any difference to the rest of the world.**  Remember I said that when you look at it a year from now. 

Take look at the threads on this sub-reddit?   You seriously think they matter to regular people?   The problem with bitcoin zealots is that they are wrapped up in their little world that they cannot connect with the reality of the  world around them.   That is why bitcoin will ultimately fail.    
The "thousands" are the result of the mad FOMO rush at the end of 2017 and the fact that some people still foolishly believe that the past will be repeated and they will make money off new suckers.  Sorry, won't happen.   Keep watching the slow and painful slide into oblivion.   
> I don’t need to prove anything to you

Types yet another paragraph which I didn't even read trying to prove his wealth to me. 


REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.

lmao leave then, crybaby. 
Easier and safer to deliver for what purpose?    

Money. It's money dumbass. It's secure, fast, finite money that cannot be copied. If there's fomo, it's because most people see it's value in the future (and they're greedy as shit)


idiot
Never underestimate the power of long established institutions.

Simply put, "why trust Bitcoin when I can trust my favorite bank, plus the government will protect me" is the prevalent logic here.

If we don't stand to protect Bitcoin for all that it is, well will just end up making them stronger and more resilient.
Was it ableleg? ;-)
It's quite obvious that bashing bitcoin on this sub is your job and that's why you're terrible at doing your job. Spreading FUD should be done with subtlety not forcefully as you're doing it. You fail. 

About the usefulness and importance of bitcoin - read this first link here: https://lopp.net/bitcoin.html (Explain Bitcoin Like I'm Five). Bitcoin is basically a material digital asset and that's what's revolutionary about it. If you don't see it, you don't see it. Too bad for you. What it enables (independent and permissionless transfer and storage of value) is important today and it will get even more important with time - especially once paper money/cash is abolished. Without bitcoin (or some other autonomous cryptocurrency) we'll then be living in a world, where ALL our transactions are recorded, meaning in a world of totalitarian surveillance. Fuck that.

 


won't last long my friend, keep watching.

seriously go fuck yourself
You are a child aren’t you?
> Money. It's money **dumbass#**.  

I'm afraid, it's not.   What's more, it never will be. 

> If there's fomo, it's because most people see it's value in the future.

In a sense you are right: most bitcoin zealots see a future in which they can make a bundle of the "nasty fiat" by unloading on new, unsuspecting suckers.   But that future is rapidly dimming.  Already people have felt some pain, and new suckers are hard to come by.  That explains what is happening with the so-called market-cap, and that will be the trend to the inevitable end.  

**#Try to avoid such language**.   It doesn't help with any discussion.
Words of a wise man.
they f-ing hate the thing for sure.  
Dont remember, why must you appeal to the conspiracy theorist in me? Haha
Yet people readily use Facebook, Instagram, Google, Amazon, Visa, Mastercard, Shopper loyalty cards and various other forms of surveillance and data collection tools.  What you don't realize is that people don't actually care much about their privacy.
Your reaction is totally unfair and unhelpful, although it is the sort of reaction I get from bitcoin zealots when the painful truth is laid bare before their eyes.   

I'm afraid the claimed "usefulness and importance of bitcoin" are totally irrelevant in the harsh glare of reality.

But good luck with the fantasies about the "future world"!   
I'm always watching friend.  There is still good money to be made in the regular pump-and-dump, even though the range keeps getting smaller and it's a grind towards zero.
I believe they call this the 'anger' stage. 
>I don’t need to prove anything to you

>Nor would I ever try and prove it to you on a public commentary

Please tell me more about how you have nothing to prove and would never try to prove anything before you go on to type paragraphs trying to convince me you're not larping. 

Yes yes - clearly you've made millions which is why you're here today whining about how you're done with Bitcoin and you're gonna sell it all and wah wah wah. Clearly this is the behavior of wealthy men who've profited. 


The only zealot here is you.


Nope, not angry at all. Do I take my money now or wait and see if it go’s up again? Either way I am doing just fine bro.
What makes you say that?
