Daily Discussion, June 01, 2018 -- TITLE
Good for Bitcoin.
Hmm very curious as to what this day will bring. The market seems more hesitant than I thought it would be but maybe that's a good sign somehow.
Do the Bart man! 
so tripple bottom (7100, 7300, 7400) completed. should be a breakout soon
Highest it's been for 9 days.

Pumpy wump.
Would be good to see a decent increase today to start the month in a positive way.
What a dump. Shit. It’s a bull trap.
[Web traffic](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8n72ap/daily_discussion_may_30_2018/dzuphep) to crypto sites is down, and falling fast. 

The price movement is a complete joke, blatant manipulation.
God please 🙏🏻 Just one more bull run to 9k to give us a chance of breaking even. Then make a 2 year bear market I don’t care. Just give me a chance to exit. Sincerely, your child.
Its not about price, its about adoption.  IF high price stands in the way of adoption, then the price should go down for everyone's best interest.
People can't say BTC isn't resisting well LOL
Can someone make bitcoin meme with Lebron crying. 
6h looks OK
Monthly MACD looks very bad I think. What do u think?
Are we reaching 8k before the week ends?
First; two days in a row, must be a sign....
10k first , or 5k first? Vote now! 
This is so just gross 
Has anyone bought some BTCC yet (the benign scam of Roger's scam?)

I'm in for a hundred USD just to show support.

It could even do rather well.
As someone who uses Bitcoin and as someone who accepts Bitcion at their business, I'm loving the stability of the coin lately. However, with that said, I can't wait for Chinese New Year. :\) :\) :\)
Hi guys, I still have some bitcoin in a couple of paper wallets that don't have SegWit addresses. Will the old/legacy addresses no longer work soon or there's no deadline for me to move them to a SegWit address in the future? Do I need to move them now? Sorry if it's a stupid question 
Make up your damn mind shitcoin.
Are you fucking kidding me?  These Asian assholes need to go away.


hahahaha.... bitcoin, it makes me laugh
I bet that the 100 investors institutional locked in da room will dump the market 2 hours later.
I can't thank myself enough for deciding to spend my $20k in savings on a CD instead of bitcoins. At least I won't have to worry about losing 75% of my money in 6 months. Pft
**Come On Bulls, these are crucial times!**
12-15K IN june. altoins will  explode 5x-10x up.
it just brought a big dump 1 minute ago :)
Yo!  Hey, what's happening, dude?
trippple?
No, a bear market is here. Time to hibernate

I keep saying that the biggest manipulators are the trading platforms. They slowly empty people
Keep spamming the same shit kiddo
Hodl, then hodl at 9k and beyond.

Crypto isn't going to disappear, and BTC is the gold standard crypto.

Ergo, BTC is here to stay.
You won't learn to fly till you won't open your wings and keep asking for new ones xDD
It is showing remarkable resilience.
[Lebron Crying](https://imgur.com/eUHf01u)

It will until it doesn't.  But it looks better than it has in a while.
Hopefully.
Because the rest isnt childish enough to post first
Go outside bro :p
7.5 \-8k doubt we will move much
I like to think that we will never go as low as $5k ever again.
never again under 7k from now on. just my guess.
idk, 5k seems more likely
the least resistance is to the downside at the moment. Maybe not 5k, but ~6.5k is very likely. 
is there an airdrop for this?


No deadline. Legacy addresses will still work. Segwit is backwards compatible to the Bitcoin network. 
its trying to, but people keep buying the dips anyway
Trolls like you make me cringe...
?
[deleted]
Well that's dumb cuz you could've at least put them in $VOO or even $VGT. CD's.. might as well put them under your bed
that 2&#37; interest 
i hear that for months
100k end of the year
this is sarcasm, right?
Good for you. I should have done the same. I already had a weird feeling about this...
they are the bears and the bulls;) you think they can only live on the fees. they trade with each coin you parked in their wallet. Make agreements with each other when pumping and dumping
Exchanges charge fees per buy and sell, if people do not understand that the smartest thing to do is bulk buying and selling with long waiting periods thats on them
I'm trying to post something with data to back it up without being surface level. Please post something more insightful, preferably to counter my post thank you
(O.K., which scamming Roger licking Bcasher* downvoted me :)

Or shorter..
But for an investor, your money can grow a lot faster elsewhere. 
Is that one of those rare terms too? I agree tho
Perspicacious
What happens if you delete the comment? Will the jinxing stop?...
In the end Bitcoin will drop below 5k or go over 10k. I can't stay in between forever. So vote now, what comes first, even if it takes 6 months.
Each drop has created higher lows. This is highly unlikely.
No.
You're the real MVP thank you 👆👏
Well let's just all buy the bloody 6.600 dip and get this over with once and for all.
troll, your mother.
I just mean that I have to laugh because I can buy more because of a fall in prices
Haha, see? Told u
Better than -75% interest.
Yep I know what you mean. 
stop lying to that poor guy! 100k is impossible, bitcoin is too good! bitcoin is going to be 1,000,012.53 on exactly Dec 31st, 2018 at 11:59:59 PM! you heard it here first folks!
Don't worry about it too much. This one got triggered by 7600, May 30 was by 7500 and May 28 by 7250.
For me it means many people are willing to buy and are pushing the dumpers to higher prices. We're winning... for the moment ;)
Maybe they wanna close after making a lot of many xD
Maybe
Where can one get this awesome cash cash?!
Tested
think longterm. invest now and youll hvae a great profit. 
but crypto obv isnt made for you 
we'll see after your CD ends ;) If you did 20k this time last year....
