Daily Discussion, May 27, 2018 -- TITLE
Japanese Govt: Very positive news for BTC within next 48 hours.

Suck it up shorters :)
That same people that pop in here and say 100k by end of year, speculators, wallstreet, etc are the whales or big bag holders.  Theyre selling an idea, peopke buy in, price goes up and the whales selloff dumping it.  Be careful listening to those with big claims by end of year.
Condolences everyone
I don't know why people are so worried about so-called market manipulation. If it's going down just short it, just because there's a downtrend doesn't mean you can't increase your holdings.
Definitely no manipulation going on.
Big money will come in when the price stabilizes, it will come when we least expect it, when the market is "boring"   
Went to a crypto meetup the other night and one point that was raised was that one of the guest speakers had made mention that while at Consensus in NY many convos revolved around private OTC trades of BTC rather than on exchanges. People still buying but with out the volume on the exchanges it could be another factor in keeping the price down somewhat.

Anybody else get that same sense?

Thoughts on BTC dipping to $6,500 and finding support?

All that to be said with the current price it feels like this is yet another opportunity to scoop up some BTC at a fairly good deal?

Thanks!
Still waiting on my moon lambo
Could we rename this sub r/Bitcoin-Conspiracy?

Wait ... arggghhh  .... but ...
Damn been hodling since November and now my Pokemon cards are a better investment
People don't realize how hard holding actually is.

"You just bought 5k worth of bitcoin and now you're a millionaire? Pff, I knew capitalism wasn't fair! What a joke!"

It takes brass balls to hodl. From the end of 2013 to 2015, bitcoin lost 80% of its value. Imagine someone with six figures USD sunk into bitcoin watching the slow decay, periodically reading articles from Paul Krugman and others calling him/her a fool with the prospect of losing the entire investment hanging overhead. To handle the stress and still act logically with tact and foresight takes iron will and extreme intellectual independence to not be dissuaded from your decisions by the opinions of others. Hodlers, you saw the future with clarity, you weren't dissuaded by the effects of stress and the opinions of others, you bet large sums of money on your convictions, you were right and now you're rich.

If bitcoin reaches half of gold's market cap in 5 years (assuming that 20% of the bitcoins have been lost) we're looking at a $250k bitcoin. The current price is $7.5k. I've looked at value investing in the US stock market. I can't find anything with such a large disparity between what it should be worth and what it's selling for. Ben Graham's philosophy is that you don't try to time the market, you buy undervalued stocks and wait. This is not a stock; there are no earnings. If a company that paid a dividend was this undervalued, I would prefer to buy that because it would make me rich quicker and with less risk. Unfortunately, there isn't, but there is bitcoin. 

I don't think it's even practically possible for a company with a positive earnings to be undervalued by 33x because the undervaluation would too obvious to be sustained. 
[deleted]
Why do you think next bull run will happen in December? It may happen in any month.
8 minutes to go
Last chance to buy cheap. This dip will be over soon. 🚀🌕
Dear Lady and Gentlemen.

I'm afraid that today is 'self-righteous wanker' day in many parts of the World, and many of them have come to this generally pleasant Reddit to celebrate their twattishness.

They can easily be spotted: they call other posters 'kid'; claim they have 1.2m; and explain simple concepts like shorting, as if it were some form of financial general relativity.

:)
Is this sub as censored as people say it is? Why?
According to the charts I see, anyone who purchased bitcoin within the last 6 months has either lost, or is about even. Eventually it will either crash or skyrocket, and let's face it, breaking even isn't much of a story. 
Is the market in limbo because the general public are worried to buy at the moment due to these possible investigations into market manipulation?  Volume is so low.  Hardly anyone is buying or selling!
7.1k here we go
[deleted]
Hey guys. I noticed this on a chart a couple hours ago: 
https://www.tradingview.com/x/PX5j2z4N/

Then suddenly spoofy turned up for weekly close and set it here, while still is in control of the market as we speak, and as we wait for what he's gonna do: https://www.tradingview.com/x/jlZ0DtPf/

And then i looked back on the daily chart: https://www.tradingview.com/x/gasze8R9/

It picked a direction.

And so a new journey begins: Here are my targets for the next few weeks. https://www.tradingview.com/x/B92uIN7L/
Good for Bitcoin.

This is driven by shitcoins crashing.

Shitcoin Cash down over 4% in one hour.  Hey!!!

**Good for BTC :)**
Is there any specific website that anyone would recommend for buying?
Hearing Frank Abigail say the technology will be 100% adopted should turn some non-believers. Technology takes time but we will get there. 
When moon/Lambo?
Hodl on
Thanks for the heads up on that will do!!! 
If BTC were a religion, BTC as a God would try to reach its people cognitively through pain and say: don't fucking listen to gurus, don't get manipulated, don't rush into good words, don't get incertitude about your "feelings", no one knows my future implications, not even myself. :OO -The god of all cryptos-
5k in two weeks
Can someone help me? I want to start investing in bitcoin but I have no idea where to start
Wasn't there a summit supposed to happen today or was it a few days ago?
Here we go
Your fundsa a safu!
[removed]
Here comes the baby bull
Yeah, I believe you are right. Most conspiracy theorists run across Alex Jones from the very beginning with their research. It seems as if they have it designed that way to put you in limbo mode and throw a wrench into your research by making you discredit it immediately because it sounds to absurd. If he was a real threat they'd just take him out, plain and simple. 
I think the writing is on the wall. Daily Bitcoin transactions are less than what they were 2 years ago. Nobody uses bitcoin, nobody wants bitcoin except to buy alts. Bitcoin is going the way of Yahoo and will usher in a new wave of cryptos that can actually scale, and actually have a decent use case. 
I doubt it.
[deleted]
First comment. When moon.
This is very simple. 

Miners expect to sell Bitcoin at 8k, if no one buys, then the price will drop. And again. They will try to sell, and if no one buys again. The price will drop. 

So this year we don't have enough buyers to keep the price high. That's why always the price drop. 

And I can talk for my self. This year since March haven't buy any Bitcoin, because don't any money. No, I'm not the guy that is guilty of this bear year, but spend all my money last year in the bull run. 

And like me. A lot of guys did the same, so stop with theories, get some money and enjoy this cheap Bitcoin. 
Lots of Cognitive Dissonance going on here it seems.   
No worries HODLers, Finnex got enought of fresh tether to try to keep that dump controlled..... buy that dip stupids... 
 please buy my bags, like now, lamboz to the moon and shit....:)

ring ring: send it sideways, then domp it..... 

get Vitalik on ze line...
I heard that too.  Gonna be real quiet in here soon.
Source? 
One should avoid forums like this, so that whales have no idea what is going on among the people
AND they didn't go to the moon
OK Dad.
It will be 100k by the end of the year.

Ms Ock-Puppet

PA to Mr BcashBtrash, Whale Corporation of the Pacific.



Yes, I'll have condolences please.

p.s.  add a ?, or maybe you meant 'everyone'.
Because many newbies are encouraged to trade crypto and when there is someone better than them in trading (which is basically everyone in the market), they are quick to scream "manipulation". Or when there are large buy/sell amounts.  
Curiously, no one seems to mind when the large orders are on the buy side, but on the way down it's always "manipulation".
There's actually a legitimate non conspiracy theory possibility about that in 2017 as well. It basically goes that hedge funds started buying tons and tons of Bitcoins driving the price up because they knew the CME futures were going to go live in dec. At that point they can take a lot of short Futures contracts and dump their Bitcoins at Key technical levels to make the charts look very bearish
Because the upside to a solid short is capped at 7.3 and most folks here need at least a 10x parabolic to buy their lambo.  So their only option is to hodl.

Simple.
Or not.
If you believe in the technology, cost average in. That goes for any investment really. 
When it comes to crypto, isn't OTC just anything not done through an exchange,  i.e. personal wallet to personal wallet?  

is there a way to track that,  (blockchain volume - exchange volume)?
Shit.  I've been shot - by a whale!

(Using some kind of reverse harpoon.)
Sorry but the flaw in your argument is the huge leap of faith to assert that BTC will reach anywhere near the level of acceptance that Gold enjoys as a asset.  

This is one of the most common false equivalence fallacy. Take away this comparison and your entire price argument crumbles.

Nothing in this market happens the same twice
I think the next bull run will begin in December.
4
Support at $6,500 ya think and some consolidation maybe? Think of it as a giant Memorial Day Sale on BTC
Yes, less chance to buy fiat when it's cheap. You can still get over $7k US and 6k EUR for a bitcoin. This may be your last chance.
(x)doubt
Why aren't they banned yet? It makes the Reddit toxic allowing them to continue to spread hate and do nothing but troll
Listen here kiddo, let me tell you a story about shorting. 


/s
Ah ..... so I did get under your skin!  So much that you have to dedicate an entire new post in my honour.

By the way, my short is up 24%, not bad returns for 5 days.  Your losses eating you up yet?  Is that why you are so irritable or just a prick in general?
Where did they say that
Not really. in my opinion it should be even more so. Toxic people just destroy discussions
It’s censored against spam 
You are free to say what you want about Bitcoin here. 
This is the time when everyone will look back and say “damn that was a great time to buy”.
General public does not give a f*** about bitcoin.
Its in limbo because its still not being used to buy pizzas and cafe lattes, because its not on phones everywhere, and exchangeable to fiat on the fly. Because of hacks and con artists. Everyone wants it to work but secretly knows it isn't working well. The market is also alive my friend and feeds off pain. That's how its always been. It will rise when everyone capitulates and looks the other way. But so we're clear, this is the bottom. 
I think some of the wash trading has toned down after the DOJ announcement.

In my opinion, the real trading is probably no more than 200m - 300m per day using fiat.  Rest are just wash trades especially on bitfinex, binance, huobi and okex.
They're going to crash it to at least 5k is my guess.
The price is being kept stable so the whales can dump. 
The Square Cash app is by far the most user-friendly beginner way to get started buying and HODLing BTC.
people might hate it, but coinbase.com is pretty solid
A man who became famous for committing fraud is vouching for bitcoin, and you think that's a good thing. Lol.
Just focus on the lambo within you, and it will come to you.
February 30th
In the next 3 years. 
When you will forget about it
Never
Who are you talking to?
BTC is a religion already!
Incertitude isn't a word you see often - if ever.  Upvoted.
Bcash is being investigated not Bitcoin. Bcash used bait and switch tactics and scammed newbies and older people out of millions while adding confusion and distrust to the market. This Federal Investigation is needed so people trust bitcoin again and are protected from people like Roger Ver who thinks he’s protected cause he lives in Japan. I am telling you now, the state Department is talking to Japan to extradite to USA. Trust me on this. Once it’s completed by August at the latest, Bcash will be proven a scam and roger will be before a senate subcommittee and he can’t plead the fifth cause he denounced his USA citizenship after the Waco Texas incident and he was buying bomb material. 

Bitcoin will become stronger after Bcash and roger are exposed as well as fake Nakamoto in Florida courts. 

Andreas Antonopoulos is such a powerful voice. We just wish he would stand up and confront these scammers. He doesn’t like confrontation and I guess he’s grateful for the millions he got after roger made fun of him. 
Go to the bank and take out the most cash that you would be willing to put into a metal bin outdoors and light on fire. Then, put that money back in your bank, and go to one of the exchanges and open an account there so you can transfer fiat currency in. Transfer your money in, and place a buy order. Then forget you ever did that for at least a year. 

You could Google: buy Bitcoin.  And then go about buying some.

:)
https://bitcoin.org/en/getting-started
Maybe you're referring to Consensus 2018?
Martin Luther Bitcoin over here.
I read until the "Quit school and work on YOU because school is a scam" part. What if I want to educate myself and get my doctorate in Astrophysics? Are you saying that's a scam?. You are delusional.
Yes, I do believe in these global conspiracies and the Illuminati.

But if you think shilling a digital token is the answer, then you are really naive.  Cryptos are just an extension of the same conspiracy, not the cure.
>  Jesuit Rothschild banking dynasty

>They also control all major media outlets and only include what they want you to see while hiding what they don't want you to see.

>Quit school and work on YOU because school is a scam

>Bitcoin will provide investors with generational wealth

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=na4GYyJwYjQ


You scared it away.
Alex Jones?  Conspiracy?  Limbo mode?  Am I right?

(there's me time-travelling again, posting my comments AFTER they have been responded to.  Don't ask me how I do it.  It is very complicated and slightly dangerous :)
Much more likely, the transfer of governmental currencies via Blockchain will continue to rapidly expand, thus eliminating wire\-transfer fees, and allowing businesses to cheaply conduct international business without worrying if their currency of use will change value \+/\- 10&#37; per week or day.
Well, many exchanges implemented batching in the past months...
batching, and also just because nobody uses it with you or in your area does not mean the same for others what so ever, besides bitcoin is still developing and will be for years to come just enjoy the ride man.
Ha Hah!
I think it does.
[click here to see where YOUR money went (also legit...)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
looks like we flew too close to the sun
Your .1 BTC will never make you rich.

The people who hold most of the bitcoin are controlling things.

Edit:  Perhaps once companies realize they can save billions that may change...  

The people fucking with things read everything here...
8k is the new moon.
Soon...

https://i.imgur.com/xi1iONK.png
Dude, there are only 1,800 mined each day while there are 560,000 traded (ok, most are fake trades but that's separate matter).

For me this is the bitcoin "fun thread" for the most part, especially when it comes to market behaviour.

Head over to the daily on /r/BitcoinMarkets for more serious discussions.


You just learned that term - I can tell, because you Capitalised It :)
?
A friend over on the HK exchange:

ビットコインの販売は、すぐに日本の証券取引所に開始する
I hate to tell you this, but someone is following you.

Dip into a doorway and look back - you'll see them.
He is absolutely correct..
Edited, thanks lol
Noob
Yep. Bull market manipulation = good. Bear market manipulation = bad.
Which hedge funds? Hedge funds can't take positions on non regulated markets, also futures are not pushing the cash market down it's the other way around, you know nothing, please stop posting. 
How's your beach hut?
Yes great advice always DCA! 
Yeah that’s what they said / meant and I don’t know if there is a way? There are smarter people than me on here who will know I’m sure. 
It's hard to see why it wouldn't surpass gold because it has much better intrinsic properties. It's harder and has much lower friction. It's a replacement for money, not just gold (which is hardly used as money these days).
How much time do you spend here trolling everyone? What a sad life.
Keep shorting homie.
If my shit reaches half of gold's market cap in 5 years (assuming that 90% of it is flushed) we're looking at $420k a turd. The current price is $3.50 (any buyers?).

I made a price prediction. I used a well established financial asset as a comparison with a 5 year time horizon. What's your prediction and how did you make it? 
Why? Because it did in 2017? Lol. You don’t know nothing about bitcoin.
(See what I did there.  This man is clearly using Hawking's test for time travellers.  I am writing the question AFTER he asked it.

Cool.)

https://www.standard.co.uk/news/uk/stephen-hawking-held-party-for-time-travellers-to-prove-it-isnt-possible-a3789481.html
2
Who knows? The thing about crowd psychology is if everyone is expecting a retest of 6500 people are going to start buying a little bit higher. Probably 6800 to 7200. That doesn't necessarily mean it will happen though. It's completely possible that we have a break of 6500 and then you look to see how the market reacts to that. It might be a fake out that gets people short only to get ran in or it could be a leg down. 
So edgy!
[    ] zero doubt

[x] Doubt
Block them then...
Successful people typical don't throw achievements in others faces the way u are. I would ask that u post proof of your 24% short good sir.  24% of .001 btc short?
Losers make good talking points :)
Awesome! You've made $50 hahaha
Post your public key so that crypto bot can tell us u have 0 btc and 0 transaction history lulz
fuck off, can I? just for fun .. I'm 8k long
I love your positivity, Gatsby. I hope you are right!!!
Sad, but true. 

99.98% of the population will Always and Forever use Visa/Mastercard/Amex for their daily transactions. The credit cards offer Ease of use, but more importantly the cards offer Consumer protections(charge backs), Cash back/Frequent flyer miles/many other types of Rewards, and most importantly the ability to buy $1,000's of dollars worth of things with no money, just credit. 

BTC will dominate as Gold 2.0 / Store Of Value, all other alts will wither away. I do not care what BTC was originally designed for, often times products that were designed for one purpose end up being used for another purpose, very successfully I might add.

BTC for the SOV WIN !!!
The general public also doesn't give a shit about calculus; Stravinsky, Byzantine art, the Roman Republic ...  either.

So clearly these are all shit and worthless too - you hippopotamus.

..or is that ignoramus?   Who cares.


Why are you so sure this is the bottom?
$0 is the bottom.  I'm not suggesting we are getting there but it is not impossible.
> The market is also alive my friend and feeds off pain. 

You should be writing movie scripts - shit ones.  :)
I think it's too early to be sure of that, if this situation carries on for a few months then I would be inclined to agree with you.  
Are you hoping to make your money back?
Don't think so .... volume is too low.
And its brother Gdax (same company differente websites) is also good (maybe even better for the more casual buyers/sellers).

I saw people complaining about various things especially withdrawing their money, but I used it recently with a moderate amount and had 0 problems, transfers where all done in a day, very straightforward.

(There definitely are more options ranging from deeper knowledge requirements to minimal, but I think gdax/coinbase is an alright middle ground)
He didn't become famous for that. He became famous with how easy it is to manipulate people and centralized systems. He made it obvious that current security measures are just an illusion. He made the world a better place as far as I'm concerned.
100%. The fraud he committed was a small portion of his life. The rest of his life was dedicated to fighting fraud.  Your ignorance is astounding.
This is good for bitcoin 
what year?
Sad life to hate something so much you spend all your free time trolling bitcoiners.
Hi, how about you?
no, hold the mayonnaise please.  Yep, that's fine.  No cucumber though.  Cheers.
>  He doesn’t like confrontation and I guess he’s grateful for the millions he got after roger made fun of him. 

[He gave a very explicit answer](https://twitter.com/aantonop/status/929547597592788994)

[and another one](https://twitter.com/aantonop/status/929553162981298177)


Google it, but also visit the correct websites for BTC. Careful of the rest/scams https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/8mil55/i_think_for_all_the_confused_newbies_this/
Hmm maybe, I'm not too sure anymore haha...
Wow, you got way further than me.  I only made it to "financial enslavement controlled by the federal reserve".
You could do that just as easy by doing your own research and spending a lot less money. Also after getting an education then trying to get a job afterwords proves harder than many students are led to beleive. Any profession ties you down with time. What it's all about is time freedom. Money doesn't matter, time does
They may or may not be part of the same conspiracy. If they are a part of it then you know how much power they have and also know that they will most likely prevail in their plans as history has shown. In that case even though they'd  still have control over our money and perpetuate with their ways, you'd STILL get the benefit of being an early investor and will make a lot IF you invest early. Other scenereo, Satoshi is a true hero and you are part of the revolution. Either way both sides of the token look very good for financial gains, but one side of the coin is super shiny with the possibility to be one of the best things in monetary history.
As crazy as Alex Jones comes across he knows exactly what he's talking about. I always have a hard time telling what side he's on though. Is he a puppet as well or does he truly want to help people? 🤔
Even if that's part of it that just proves my point. Only exchanges are using it because people are using it to buy and sell alts. 
This time travelling doesn't exist.
>The people fucking with things read everything here...

Well of course they do!

They have full board meetings to discuss the lazy opinions of a man who calls himself slippery_turd.  

A name, I suggest, that arises from your continuing efforts to catch one.

Possibly in your mouth.
I don't think whales care about reddit or our lunch money. They just know how to move the market in order to cause as much fear as possible. We are talking about professionals here. You guys should research on quants, it's quiet interesting.
guess what. whole world is seeing that. guess whats always happens? the opposite
I’m with you brother. Hop On Da Lunarocket. 
It's never going to happen.  If you think "the powers that be" will ever allow it to happen, you are delusional.
No one has proved that there is fake trading going on.
Yep, I learn lots of things on Reddit it’s amazing oh and auto correct sometimes as well takes over on my phone when I type fast.
> ビットコインの販売は、すぐに日本の証券取引所に開始する

Google translate: "Sales of bit coins will soon begin at the Japanese stock exchange"
Even if true, not necessarily bullish. The price didn't increase on the news of other exchanges taking on BTC.
Ok Mum.
Yes :)
>Hedge funds can't take positions on non regulated markets

Except that they can, and frequently do. Hedges funds are as close to "an utterly unregulated entity" as one will find in the financial sector. So long as their prospectus allows, they can put their money into lottery tickets or multi\-level marketing schemes if they so choose. Short of investing into a banned country such as North Korea or Iran, they can pretty much do whatever they want.
Who told you this? Pantera Capital has been trading for years. mutual funds can't take positions in unregulated markets but hedge funds can do anything they want. You're seriously going to run your little mouth telling me to stop posting when you don't know the simple fact? Quit making the Forum toxic
How's your 5 BTC that you so desperately need to price up to a lambo?
Lol!  I think your life is sadder if you have to retort my posts :)
Ok ok, I will go long soon.

..... Closed 7.2.  Shall not push my luck.
Sorry, no.  You can continue to shit long after that so it's not scarce.

Furthermore, it's overpriced at $3.50.  Try $2.00, will sell like hot turds.
You used a false comparison and tried to justify your pricing on it.

Me?  I got no prediction and don't pretend to have one.  To me, BTC is just a digital token, it's price is just based on speculation (bigger fool) and the sentiments may take us to the moon or to hell.
No need to entertain a nocoiner that is in here just to make short-term fiat profit. They aren't interested in how Bitcoin works or it's implications.
What if someone showed up and theatened him to write ithat article?
The suspense is killing me.
Good points, it’s going to be interesting to see what happens for sure! 
I'm just spreading FOMO. Isn't that the whole point of this sub? 

Last chance to buy Australian Dollarydoos for only 10 thousand Satoshi each. Get them now before they moon!
oh i do. crypto attracts trolls like moths to a flame. i use to try and have discussions with them now i just smash the block button. 
Well said  :)

Apparently, he has 1.2m.  A really fat girlfriend weighing in at 82 stone.  A beach hut (having lost his mansion.)  His Lambo was swept away by the tide.  And he shorts BTC with a better than 50:50 probability of losing everything :)
It's 200 short at 8.2 and the position is still open.

I was not throwing it in his face - it was to correct his claim that I was losing money and therefore making what he perceived as a negative opinion on BTC.
Is that your best defence?  I'm rather disappointed.
Yes, sure.  It rocks.
You understand that in serious markets, there's no such thing right? Its all zeros and ones going from one side to the other. No transactions on chain are envolved.
Why are you telling me to Fuck Off?
not exactly comparable. none of those things need wide-spread public interest and participation to evolve and progress anymore, bitcoin does. 
You have no bloody idea - do you?


Do you like it.... it's yours.
Try using your peanut brain instead of indulging in conspiracies.

All the American based exchanges total no more than $100m while global BTC trade is $4B.  You really think the Asian market is 40x bigger? 
My ignorance is astounding? Haha okay fool. Anyone who knows anything knows he became famous for his con-artistry. That's a fact.
Years are a myth
Hi  :)
Fucking Mollusks 🦑 
Would you like mayonnaise and salad?
But the scams from Bcash have to be called out. 
You are wrong dear sir. I want hands-on experience on the field and I want to be able to experiment with top of the line observatories so I can test my ideas. To do that I need to pursue higher education and have connections with people on my field. I can't just read a bunch of textbooks and hope someone out there will hire me.


But the crux of the conspiracy is hinged on control of money.  

So either (a) it's part of the conspiracy, (b) it is irrelevant to their plan or (c) it's destined for destruction.
If your worldview includes a positive outlook on the competence of Alex Jones you might want to sit down and sort some things out. 
He's just another puppet.

His job is to make the illuminati conspiracy appear so ridiculous that it discredits it completely.
I think you're taking the wrong pills
You made me laugh.
proven

and there is ample evidence

No?  What about this:

https://weis2017.econinfosec.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2017/05/WEIS_2017_paper_21.pdf

Or this:

https://medium.com/@sylvainartplayribes/chasing-fake-volume-a-crypto-plague-ea1a3c1e0b5e

You want more?
Everything is bullish where BTC is concerned.

Damn - I thought everyone knew that :)
-it is SO embarrassing when your Mum and Dad turn up and ruin everything.  
[removed]
How are you going to park yours on the beach having lost your home?  Check the local tides.
The comparison is fair. They are both treated as a store of value with the price being justified by the cost to mine and the scarcity. The precursor to bitcoin was even called "bit gold".

I'm not the only one who thinks this way. Here's Peter Thiel, founder of PayPal and initial investor in Facebook: https://youtu.be/Hwj3BEWd2xs


moon->hell->moon->hell->moon->hell... each moon being vastly higher than the last
Yes, I'm interested in short term profit.

And just because I'm not convinced about the longer term implications does not mean I'm not interested.  

I am very keen for an argument that will convince me, which is why I made the counter argument.

-1
You did your best. I guess that's what counts right?
Haha buttcoin
Correction - I said I took 1.2m profit off the table so obviously my capital is a lot higher than that.

Sure I can get creamed with a short at 50:50.  But the same risk applies to a leveraged long when it goes the wrong way.  Hodlers think they are 'safe' but my take is that they will most likely be the ones holding the shit can at the end of the day.

Hut and fat girlfriend?  Well, go ahead and imagine anything to make yourself feel better :)
Heh.  You are going to lose it all mate :)

So looking forward to not seeing you here again.

:)   :)   :)
I highly doubt u have more than a couple hundred bucks to your name. My guess is u sold probably around  .02 btc at 7500 after buying at 9k now your are looking to use "trolling powers" to drive prices down so u can claim u made money shorting bitcoin. You lost for sure if not prove your emense wealth.
Not as disappointed as your girlfriend.  :)
Serious markets? I'm sorry please elaborate.
this is not for you .. it's just to see; a test, see if we have the freedom to say what we want ... sorry, it was not for lack of respect .
just to check the censorship, excuse me ;-°] 
Really?

Think about that again.

The general public also knows jack-shit about oil extraction and oil prices.  So is oil not valuable?

Here's a difference between oil and BTC: the latter you can buy as an individual - right now.
Feel free to show that I'm wrong.
No.  Maybe you could use it for Ghostbusters III.
That's rubbish to say all the American exchanges total $100 million.  GDAX has done over a billion in a day before on many occasions. 
Did I hit a raw nerve when I wrote 'Are you hoping to make your money back?'

I was spot on, wasn't I?

Maybe you should listen to his story again. Not just the popular media Hollywood story.  Maybe if the movie and newspapers talk about the rest of his life you wouldn’t be so ignorant to call him just a con artist. 

He made a mistake as a young man. He was a run away after his parents divorce. From 15-21 years old he committed fraud.  After serving five years for his crime he started working for the US government. 26-62 years old he worked alongside the US government helping and serving his country.  Working against crimes probably longer than you’ve been alive. This is not your common criminal con artist. This man has developed many counter fraud technology. Working alongside the government he has some pretty strong opinions. 
I've never seen mollusc with a k - is that a rock band?
(Time travelling again.)
"I can't just read a bunch of textbooks and hope someone out there will hire me"

That's exactly what you're doing going to school

Who said hands on experience is only possible at school? Who said you need school to pursue higher education or to have connections in a field?
You can go to school your whole life but a governed mind won't make it far
(a) Still make a lot of money but money still centralized, (b) Still make money be part of revolution (c) don't see that happening at all 
There are positives and negatives. Some people sit back and never say a word about things that matter and directly effect their lives in non favorable ways. I applause anybody that can stand up and fight for what they believe in. Everybody can teach you something that you don't know. It doesn't matter who it is. Always be a student. Always filter the information
I wonder if I am taking the wrong pills?
Post it up.
So the top one is about MtGox and the bottom one is some guys opinion.  That is not proof! 
The price is already reacting to your post. ;-)
Ouch - you're pretty unpleasant.  We don't like that here.
You are so thoughtful!  

But, do worry less about my well being - your time is much better spent deciding when to cut your losses :) 
Anyone with a little bit of foresight can see the real world potential of Bitcoin/blockchain. In hindsight I wish I would have pulled the trigger earlier.
BTC scarcity is artificial and so is it's mining cost.
Actually, moon and hell are getting closer and closer.
-2
Almost every fiat currency has doubled in value this year when measured in Bitcoin. I guess the FOMO is working. Moon Soon.
Well, you may be right.  

Maybe I should close my position and again take the profit off the table :).
Ok, sure :).

Just so that you don't feel that I'm 'throwing it in your face' - I do not consider what we are discussing here to be anywhere near the definition of immerse wealth.
Lol ..... this is getting childish.

I understand that you are sore about your losses but hey, I'm not the cause of your stupidity so go vent it on someone else.
futures and derivatives don't need the underlying asset to move to trade. it's all on an exchange
Ok  :)
lmao again, not comparable. People don’t need to understand the oil extraction process to understand the value of oil. The wide array of practical uses is what makes it so valuable. 
False equivalencey 
Go count it yourself

https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/#markets

Moron
Lol .... kid, you are in the wrong league if you think you can get into my head :)

And to answer your question honestly -

a.  No, I'm pretty much in the black.  Over 1.2m and counting.

b.  I'm still riding from 2x short from 8.2.  That's the counting part.

I will see you to the bottom :).
Maybe you should read my posts. I never said he is 'just a con artist'. I said he became famous for committing fraud/con\-artistry. They made a freakin' movie about it. 
K-pop
Lol!  Ok, you win :)
Already did.  The maths in the WEISS paper is solid.

You are just in denial.
You do English bro?

"No one has proved that there is fake trading going on"

No one?
I really don't think anyone reads our musings.  Good intel though.  I'm going in for another 10 BTC.
moi ,j aimerais bien savoir qui a raison ,
I'm worried about you.  You're shorting Bitcoin? - an entity whose value could potentially be used as a random number generator? You do realise that you are gambling 50:50 kid?

I'd hate you to lose the beach hut as well as your mansion.
I think it's difficult see. Many of the justifications for the price today are not things I was cognizant of when I first became aware of bitcoin.

How it works is also somewhat (but not extremely) complicated. 
Its all human psychology... We are still in a parabolic price pattern. We had a couple before looking at BTC historical price patterns. Following these historical patterns BTC price will retract 80%-90% from its last ATH. Conclusion: start buying again when BTC price comes in the $2000-$3500 range.
True, it's artificial and governed by an algorithm. It's both an artificial and a real cost. You actually have to spend thousands of dollars to mine a bitcoin and the supply growth actually does decrease by half every two years. 
-4
You could probably buy a cheap table with your profits.
Are u high on Molly right now?
Haha!  Mine was around 250 (+/- 50).  I remember that number simply because 1 molly = 0.2 BTC :P.  

It wasn't even a conscious "investment" ... was holding it to buy stuff.  Yeap .. BTC really was used as a currency then.  ( I pulled this out of btc4trade message archive)
Is immerse wealth when you throw all your money in your swimming pool so it gets all soggy?

Or do you mean immense wealth?
I have never lost a cent to Bitcoin.  My holdings are worth 11x what I paid for them - 'kid'
true, but they track the underlying asset. there was a story that broke earlier about..well...quite legal manipulation. 2017 was already bullish and more than a few people loaded up. hedge funds. big money investors. when the cme futures went active and you could short without risking the bitfinex casino they did just that. then dumped the actual bitcoins they held creating the downturn. there's no real way to obviously verify this but it does make sense. pantera {a hedge fund in crypto} returned 25,000% since it started trading crypto in 2013 https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-hedgefunds-bitcoin/number-of-crypto-hedge-funds-surges-amid-bitcoin-volatility-idUSKCN1FZ189?rpc=401&
and I am still long at 8k , but keep n is so easy in this atmosphere ..
But you have shifted the argument:

>none of those things need wide-spread public interest 

Oil does not require wide-spread public interest  to have value.
Mods: 666Gold666 and DragonLVR420 are the same person.

See his/their comments below.

Regards.


Take the small effort to spell it correctly, and I may engage.
At the moment your figures are about right but you can't say that American exchanges have only traded $100 million previously.  Like I say GDAX has traded over a billion in one day on many occasions.
Disagreement is no excuse for personal insults.
So you HAVE lost a lot of money.  Sorry about that :)
Blackhats ASSEMBLE!
You think his childhood crimes are bad for bitcoin? And his 40 years of working alongside the government is bad bitcoin? I see a reformed man who has proven himself 10,000x over speaking good about blockchain. 
The Beatles couldn't spell either.  The order Coleoptera is clearly double ee.
Is the Weiss paper just on MtGOX?
Reason is always on the side of the reasonable.
You do realise that only a moron will worry about a short while saying that it's 50/50?
Yes, it is complicated.  

BTC has the world's attention but no one (both supporters and detractors) has been able to provide a convincing pricing model.
Actually decreases by half every 4 years.
No doubt the scarcity is real and the cost is substantial.  But both are artificial and neither drives the price.

Come on, is it acceptable to you if your plumber tells you that you have to pay 10x the price because he decided to make a simple job 10x more difficult?  No - you will want to pay only for the value that he delivered.

As for scarcity, it is it totally irrelevant unless the demand is higher than what's available.  And there is zero indication of increased demand as it stands.
-8
And you need to learn basic maths.
No.

Last one was back about ... hmmm, 5-6 years ago.

I am on clonazepam and it's totally legit.
Sounds like a millionaire to me lol 
Sorry.  English is my second language.
Wait u have holdings now since when?
Good for you! 

Sorry that you didn't buy enough then.  Don't worry, you will afford that lambo one day!!  Hodl!
all I was saying was that he doesn't necessarily have all his btc on a wallet- could be on an exchange
yes, because it has practical uses to back up the value. still not comparable, which was my point. 
The conspiracy unravels! And I would have gotten away with it to if it weren’t for these meddling miners and their coins!
lmfao this is gold. 
You engaged regardless of my spelling so you point is rendered moot.
Nope.

GDAX itself claimed that their record is $650m that that's the total across all cryptos traded on their exchange.

https://twitter.com/gdax/status/908757856513441793?lang=en

Oh .... Don't be sorry.

My ledger is a lot more accurate than your imagination :).
You are missing the point.  The paper showed how price was manipulated from $150 to over $1,000 in late 2013.

In other words, out of the 2 price spikes in the history of BTC (2013, 2017), one of them has been proven to be due to price manipulation.

The 2017 spike is believed to be manipulated through Tether by Bitfinex and there is plenty of documentation on that.
How about you re-write that in a way that has some semblance of meaning.
The price of anything, including companies that pay a dividend, is subjective and determined by the collective psychology of the crowd. That doesn't mean we can't make predictions about the true value of financial assets. If you are not convinced, that says more about you than the model. That's fair. All models are technically wrong. However, some are useful. 
I stand corrected 
It does drive the price. Supply vs demand is econ 101 man. Another way to think about the price is that there is a certain amount of of value flowing through the bitcoin network at any point in time and a limited amount of free bitcoins to facilitate those transactions. Value/free bitcoins = price (key word = free. Hoarded bitcoins aren't facilitating transactions).

If all plumbers faced 10x more cost, all plumbers would have to 10x their price and I would have no choice but to pay 10x if I couldn't do the plumbing work myself. 
.. if only you knew who you were writing to ..

never mind.
Well pop a strong opiate with that and take a long nap!
Well, we had our fun.  That was pooled money for our parties.

Those were the days where BTC was really (I mean seriously) useful.  
Rudeness is the same in all languages.  And that is what you are.


Since when BTC cost between 600 and 700 dollars.
Heh.  You're such an arse.  I bet even your own arse doesn't want to be associated with you.   :)

(btw: did you notice it is impossible to win an argument against me?  So much for your amazing acumen and judgement :)
Oh for sure 
All I'm saying is why can't he show anything  at all. It would be nothing for him to show us 10 btc if he has capital as he claims. If not he's doesn't have a lot to puss in
But you are assuming, naively, that Economics 101 is 'What is the value of something?'   And that at the end of that simple lecture, all is resolved.

In fact the value of something is a far more complex and complicated concept than this - and something whose definition has evaded economists since the creation of that discipline.

I assume you are not a professor of Economics, but clearly you have some unusual and expert insight: 

So let's hear it then.
practical use of bitcoin would be using it in a decentralized manner without envolving the centralized banking system. if the manipulation wears off perhaps that could be acheived.
Up voted

Now he's going to claim that I'm your sock puppet as well.
15th Sept 2017, months before Bitcoin went towards it's peak. 
Your documention on it is just hearsay and opinions of Bitfinexed and his cheerleaders. Not proof. Please provide solid evidence on it or cut the bullshit. 
50/50 means the same risk whether you go long or short.

Omg .... You are seriously stupid.  Now I'm beginning to feel guilty hitting on a genuine retard :(


Yeah.  Someone who either can't multiple 200 x (8.2k - 7.3k) - f/t or thinks that a cheap table cost more than that.

In either case, a moron.
U posted that a couple weeks ago the old days lulz
Confirmed: a trolling Bcasher!

You're trying to recover your losses by shorting the coin you want to destroy!!!

Oh the irony.

No wonder you're salty, down to 0.13

:)
Well, your going around and claiming that people are making negative opinions about BTC because they 'lost money' is not good behaviour either.

I call a spade a spade.  If you don't like it, too bad.
Sorry accident was going for btc4trade not u. And well played
Sigh .... you are such a sad angry little man.

Things will be fine, stop worrying.

Were we arguing?  I thought I was just consoling you.

Sorry, my bad.
For transparency - I have 0 zero in my wallets.

Didn't I just say that I'm 200 short?
lmao are you alright, man? Never claimed to be an expert in anything, just pointing out your false equivalencies. Because that *is* what they are 
First, looneys claim BTC = Gold.  Now BTC = Oil?

Oil runs just about every moving part in our economy and our industries will collapse without Oil.  BTC is a digital token that will have ZERO impact if it disappear.
and some point it will get there. But for now, public interest->adoption->wide spread usage. It still needs the popularity to get to that point 
we sock puppets gotta stick together 
Yes, and their volume has tapered down since then.
And we have a winner... loved the battle :)
Heh.  I'm a 'moron', 'retard' - if only you knew..  :)
You don't even know the price of tables.
Dude, unless you want to appear to be another moron, go read the full thread.

We were discussing who bought at the lowest price many years ago.  And I was simply saying that mine was probably around 250 and it was NOT for investment/speculation.  It was pooled funds we use to buy Mollies (in BAGS).
?
Read over your post history, troll.  

Don't attempt to turn your unpleasantness over to other people.
Good man.  He is a trolling oaf.
I was a kid a few minutes ago, now I am a little man.  

And not only that - but sad.

I could be an exuberant 7 foot tall 82 stone fat woman for all you know - like your girlfriend.

(Another reason you don't like Lambos - she wouldn't fit.)
Ok sure u are bud. Don't worry you will get a trophy for participating 
Haha!  Mine was around 250 (+/- 50).  I remember that number simply because 1 molly = 0.2 BTC :P.  

It wasn't even a conscious "investment" ... was holding it to buy stuff.  Yeap .. BTC really was used as a currency then.
So you self-define what you baldly state as fact to be true simply by saying it *is*, in your own italics.

If only the truth could be found through italics.
You didn't point that out - your sock puppet did.

Called out, troll.
You don't understand use of the = sign, do you?
Obviously it has tapered down recently.  All I was saying was that to say volume on American exchanges is only $100 million a day is incorrect, it may well be that over the last few days/weeks but it has been a lot higher for months previously.
-what, since you lost all that money trading in shitcoins?

Ho Ho!
Well, I did have to explain your contradiction.
Not precisely but certainly less than $180k.
What's a thread
Millionaire Molly smoker
Wow, you are not only a moron but a hypocrite as well.

Here's your post, dumb ass:

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8mgn36/daily_discussion_may_27_2018/dznneoq/

If I'm a troll, then both of you are all morons for entertaining me.

And at least get your story straight.  $600-$700?  11x?  

Just for your info, you claimed that you bought for $400.

Spend it all on molly?
and if only arguments could be decided by nitpicking sentence formatting decisions 
so, “not comparable” isn’t a way to describe a false equivalency? 
Not 50:50 long or short - you have unconsciously applied probability to completely the wrong problem.

The probability of 0.5 refers to making a profit.

I'll defer from making a nasty comment about your intellect though - that is really reserved for unpleasant people, like your good self.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8fj22g/daily_discussion_april_28_2018/dy45pup/

We were talking about our breakeven point.  My original was $250 because it was bought many years ago.  Just like BCashBCashBTrash who bought at $400.
You don't smoke mollies.
Eh?
Mostly.

Till the price started sky rocketing.  We didn't even realise it and I sold mine at 17k (do the maths - our buy price was around 250).

That was my first BTC trade for fiat.
Sock puppets - reported.
Ow I'm sorry maybe shot it up whatever gets u out of ur cardboard box
Hypocrite.

Sorry, ... a spade is a spade.
So u have recent transaction on your wallet no need to have any holding show us.
