[Daily Discussion] Saturday, June 02, 2018 -- TITLE
#New post: [\[Daily Discussion\] Sunday, June 03, 2018 →](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8o63z0/daily_discussion_sunday_june_03_2018/)
I can't get away from Bart, he even shows up in my wife's contractions! https://m.imgur.com/a/7BRZdUy
What's bothering me most right now is Japan. For at least the past month JPY has had about a $50 premium, that is, until this very last pump. It is now at a $50 discount and I have no idea why. If you look at bitflyer's 1hr chart it looks like a strong rejection off of 840000 ($7670), and that worries me. I don't know if someone is trying to offload here or what but I'm hoping it will be temporary. If not it may bring down everyone else. 
A lot of longs were added at the bart (3.25%), a net of 1.75% of shorts were reduced at the bart (some are stops with some adds, for the sake of argument lets say 50/50 ish, so lets say actually 3% of stopped shorts with 1.25% of fresh shorts), then over the the next 9 hours the shorts further reduced by 3.25%, while longs stayed mostly steady until the last hour where the bumped up 1.25% along with shorts increasing 2.4%).

Sorry for the numbers, just trying to set the stage.

So, we have a net of 3.5% of longs added after the bart, with a dump and pump of 1.5% of them recently.  I propose that most of the added longs are fresh and more scalp than HODL.  I don't believe many longs closing were underwater but taking profit.  As Chewy ad-libbed super troopers "we're already long, we can't go any longer", the MANY underwater longs are watching and waiting for it to get back in the mid 8's.  New money for longs is less likely true believers and more likely traders who are not tied to a position and are happy to take a quick buck.

On the selling side I think we saw most of the shorts that are far enough underwater to care to close shaken out and a smaller amount of new shorts added in this range.  Since we are against resistance that has held fairly well for a while, it would seem that this is a good opportunity to get a short that might pay off well.  I think new and slightly underwater shorts will be willing to hold this a while.

So, in summary I believe the resolve for many of the longs is to either HODL till much higher or take a quick profit (or loss) on the short term.  I believe the resolve for many of the shorts is to hold their position for a while, with the idea that the fresh longs are probably going to start taking profit before moon and before HODL longs are ready to take profit.  For those reasons I believe our overhead resistance is going to be greater than our support, and since we are at the higher end of our recent trading band I would not be surprised to see our next bart be down, then possibly the next one after that as well.
One thing I see thrown around A LOT on here is that BTC volume is "really low" lately. But is it really? 

Maybe for certain exchanges but overall when I look at CoinMarketCap, the volume even today is still roughly double what we had for most of 2017.
**14 hours ago,** as an experiment, I opened both a long and a short at $7,525 with 2% limits [here](https://np.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8noyex/daily_discussion_friday_june_01_2018/dzyunq7/). The long closes with a 2% "stop-gain" at $7,675, and the short closes with a 2% stop-gain at $7,375. 48 hours on the clock.  
  
I thought the long would be harder to hit than the short, but the long hit and closed last night while I slept and locked in a 2% gain. 34 hours to go for the short, which now rests in the desert a bit further south than I'd like, but we'll see.  
  
**Edit:** Like Sloppy foretold, while I made 2% on my long, my short is now underwater (a little less than 2%). I thus would have been better off not having opened the short, waited, and opened it now - *if I would have guessed the direction (long or short) correctly to begin with at $7,525.* This "strategy" doesn't require guessing the direction right initially, but does require trying to guess and hit the middle of a range. Seems to make the most sense now to add to the long or short once you hit that range limit, if you stick to the plan and the plan still makes as much sense as it's gonna. Given this, I'll now take the 2% profits from the long and add them to the short (at $7,600), which pulls the short up, but also feels a lot like doubling down and gambling on red after black hits in roulette.  The trade gets rekted if it keeps floating north. 
 
GDAX is literally unusable at this point. You cant look at charts without getting a "Whoops" message at least 50 times a day. 
Not sure why so many are bearish right now. We went from a falling wedge to an inverse H&S (reversal pattern). We have declining volume, we have a rising RSI. This looks like April's bottom and BGD all over again soon.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/WVhO4A42/
I would feel more confident about my breakout long if people with influential amounts of money were participating as well..
Buy volume on Stamp has been impressive the past day or two.
This is probably going to Bart back down, but if it gets eaten up at the PoC (~7500), that would be pretty bullish especially since the Barts have been contained so far within a rising channel. I think the trend is up.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/1SR32Nhy/
The longer we go here without setting a higher low on the daily timeframe the better the R/R for going short is vs long.

Daily EMA12 (a common resistance point for BTC during down cycles) is currently at 7620, we closed about $20 above it yesterday, a good sign that this bounce is real and the bottom is in.  The longer we go without setting a daily HL, the more I worry about this being an extended DCB.  Buyer exhaustion is likely starting to settle in after 5 sustained up days, curious how much higher the bulls will want to take it.  Daily EMA26 is currently at 7920, an unlikely target for a local top here.

I 100% will not be buying up here, patiently waiting for a higher low first to start to confirm a trend change (confirmed with a higher high breaking whatever local top we do form, currently at 7700).
Looking at a third straight green daily candle, something that BTC hasn't done since mid April on the way to 10k.  We're also forming higher lows and higher highs on the 4hr which is very bullish.  I believe this pattern continues till 9k where we are forming an equillibrium pattern (higher lows and lower highs) on the weekly chart.
We keep slowly rallying up just enough to get people's hopes up, then drop. Almost like someone is taking advantage of market psychology. Almost like that...
Sell in May and walk away.

Buy in June you're off to the moon. 

Or something like that?
The only thing that I can come up with is that this looks exactly like 7.5-7.6 range. Only price changed. I've told earlier that 7.6-7.8 is a mine field. Didn't change my mind, still gambling with my short until this shows some momentum.
If there is anybody who's planning to open a FOMO long with high leverage and high percentage of their stack around this price: I won't tell you not to do that, but consider that if 7k was really a triple bottom and the market has reversed, you'll have plenty of time to go long on the way from here to ATH. But if this turns out to be a bull trap what you're about to do may have disastrous consequences. So you may want to think once more about the risk/reward aspect of opening a risky long right now.
For anyone who cares, here is my chart from a month ago:

https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/NW1Q8ZS5-After-30-days-in-the-rising-channel-it-s-time-to-take-profit/

Things are still going as planned. I can't tell if we are taking off early, or if we will still touch down on the lower boundary, either could still happen, both will look just fine on the chart.

Next bounce up (if the 6th theory is to be believed) will put us at 8.5k.

I saw weak buy signals for both btc and eth recently, but I didn't act on them because those signals can flash all the way down when we are dropping fast. 

---

Just so you can understand when my strong buy and sell signals occur:

Strong sell on Dec 14 and Dec 19. 

Strong buy on Mar 18 and Mar 30.

Weak sell on April 26, leading to a strong sell on May 6th. I sold on May 8th.

I've had weak buys recently from May 27 to May 29. No strong buys yet.

My plan is to stay out till I get a strong buy. This way I can avoid FOMO and emotional trading. It's hard to resist though.


It may not be perfect, but this is the problem isn't it.  Who buys the [tip of this](https://www.tradingview.com/x/yuvvCQ7E/)?

If volume wasn't so weak (and seems to be tapering off on the daily), I'd say we had a real bounce and we'll be back to testing 10k soon.  But, with volume what it is, I have a hard time believing we're going to climb much higher.
Closed my short at a loss because fuck this market.
I made a video covering why I think bulls are regaining control of markets: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cz_DZE9CzT0
Upward cross MACD on the daily. Said it the other day and I'll say it again, 7032 was the bottom folks. 
Top of the 4h Bbands. Possible significant bear div is in development if we go up further on the 4h. 8528>7700 and RSI 61 to possibly >65-70. Also a lot of resistance overhead and RSI is cooled off plenty on medium timeframes. No follow through and typical bart structure of large market buy without any volume prior nor afterwards.

Scaling into a big short now all the way up to 7.9k with stops 8.2k and above. Starting now with the first 25% here @7678.

Also rising wedge resistance ~@7750.

Edit: Closed @7632 because I can reshort just as high in probably 30 minutes.
Bitcoin has literally NEVER been in a bear market and it's not in one now. Shorters making profit are nothing more than gamblers betting against the well-established trend and getting lucky. But no worries, justice will be served.

Salty beartard downvote brigade incoming.

edit: lmao, gilded by Satoshi himself
Hit our channel top and bounced. I'm encouraged by the newfound ability to press buy over 7600, but unconvinced. I'm hedging here.

!short XBTM18 7680 5x 20%

I'll double near 7800 and cut over 7850, where I'll be looking to long a dip. 
This is crazy, I am out of position for now.. Closed my long at $7,619. 
Yeah... pretty sure this is going to go up although likely not violently. If there's one thing I've learned from creating trading algorithms, it is that less is more -- the more inclusion/exclusion criteria you code the strategy for, the less successful the strategy will likely be. I have a sneaky feeling everybody's algorithms are set up to go long except maybe one or two conditions that involve volume/volatility. I'm personally waiting on one condition and my strat will go long. 

https://i.imgur.com/lCkm2eO.png
Adding more to [this short](https://reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8ny3t2/daily_discussion_saturday_june_02_2018/dzzjfoa/?st=jhxm1q2p&sh=acc2dd7b).  The r/r is too good for me to pass on.

Iv got sells between here and 1.5% up.  We always seem to get one last wick before the Bart back down.

My 4 Hour [chart](https://www.tradingview.com/x/Y91149gy/) has all the signals I need.

- Bearish Divergence
- Oversold %R
- Topping Dojis
- Touched the 2 Week MA

I will employ a trailing stop and close out on 4% profit.
Still keeping the super tight stops before the move down because of the ETH/EOS stuff going on.

I would also like to thank *Larimer and The Bois* for the opportunity at such a great short entry. Thank you for your diligent service.

Edit: grammar/spelling
The 12h will close in 40 minutes, if we drop down \(below 7.55k\) before it would be a very bearish move, as it would mark a shooting star right at the time the 12h Bbands have reached the tightest point. If we stay above 7.65k it is a good milestone taken for bulls. 
To those like myself who were waiting for 7.1k, whats the game plan now? Jumping onboard or waiting it out?
Sentiment is bullish for the short time frame so I suggest everyone to be careful. Sometimes sentiment out weights TA. Just my 2 cents. 


Got stopped out of my short for decent loss last night. This is what I got right now:


https://www.tradingview.com/x/YohKKCQw/ 

If it retraces from here and stays inside that channel, around 7450, I think that is a good R/R for a long. Breaking the top of the channel but not going above 7800 could be a good short entry with stops around 7900.

I'll exercise that thing called patience and wait for a good entry this time.
if this flops over again...lmao -_-

for what it's worth, take it as you will. 1.5k longs opened and 500 shorts closed on that push on bitfinex.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/ADeadlEJ/ 

we wicked the top of the 12h bbands and are now near the top of the old wedge after breaking thru the lower support.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/Hkq2i0ka/

I think if we don't see a strong push past 7.7-7.8 here soon we're going to sag back down to $7.5 for some more chop 

closer look at the wedge: https://www.tradingview.com/x/XHRGQcne/

lots of wicks so it looks sketchy...

Also, we have generally very little volume in the $7600-7800 range. We usually skip right through it. If we get to $7800, it's likely our new range will be $7800-8200 until we pierce $8200.

This is why $7600 is so hard to break through:

https://www.tradingview.com/x/f6kOijM7/
Next important mark is around 7730: [https://imgur.com/a/sInWd1v](https://imgur.com/a/sInWd1v)

If bulls can hold us above this number I think it is more likly that a bullish scenario folds out. Problem the bulls have is that everybody who bought in the last 9 days is in profit and if we dont go up fast more and more will consider selling which leads to increasing selling pressure. 
Something tells me that the whale/s that are responsible for these huge Barts aborted the most recent bart drop in order to try and fool people into buying by thinking we are reversing.
Mostly just throwing this out there, I think there will be a 300 green dildo tomorrow that will likely be part of a bart.

.... alternatively it could be right as I write this we are 10$ higher than the wedge I was looking at
https://www.tradingview.com/x/MvzEHEn5/

Finding resistance at the top of the channel, good r/r for a short, I might open one. 
Break-up limit hit. !long btcusd 7601

Happy Saturday, everyone.
It's hard not to weight our perception of the chart with bias, and to admit the outcome of this will depend if more traders/holders believe it's overvalued or undervalued and not what we personally think it is.

That's all I have to say for today, no celebration nor overly bearish bias, we'll see what the market decides.
Well, that should start the engines, $7800 next probably.  
A random question but with this nice position bot, can I do some command for it to report my current P&L ?  Or is it just on close ? 

I have this long http://www.anotherbot.info/history.php?user=csasker from  7628
Following [this comment by mutt7](https://old.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8dksw2/daily_discussion_friday_april_20_2018/dxpcoyh/), bought back in at point B (which bounced nicely off the support line shown in [this updated chart](https://i.imgur.com/BkFhqts.png). Target: $11k within the next month or two. I believe it's highly probable we'll see a higher high (over the $9.9k high of point A) to remove people's belief that we are, in fact, in a bear market. Afterwards, we continue our descent to $3-5k within 6-12 months and bottom out.

The increasing presence of "Bart" formations is very reminiscent of 2014 and 2015 where we had a long drawn out decline in price. The Bart formations are there for re-accumulation of coins by the market maker (by continually causing panic, fomo, hitting stop-losses, etc) before kicking off the next bubble cycle ($60-100k in 2021?).
Minor OBV bearish div on the 4h chart \(BFX\) \- but feels small enough that it either doesn't play out or price stays in the current upward channel \(support around $7,4\-7,45k\)

[https://imgur.com/a/5NOJtsn](https://imgur.com/a/5NOJtsn)
I've been holding my long from 7400 for a few days 5x leverage. I think we're about to break up soon. Plan on taking some profits at 7900 if we get there, stop loss at 7250. 

I think big picture bitcoin is a steal at these prices, and the fundamentals have never been better. I don't think it's likely 7k is falling soon although if it does it could get real ugly. 
Going short here. I expect another Bart and this seems overbought. It's made a handful of higher lows in the last few days and bounced right back up but I feel like it's been too long since there was an actual test of support. The more I zoom out the more I feel like this is where I should short. Tight stops, though. 
Price action on stamp getting wild with an upside bias.  I think we are about to see a move to the 7800 level with in the next hour.
So... laws in China strictly regulate capital flight . It's one of the reasons of last year bull run. Starting from July 2018, ways of bypassing this law will be even more reduced. Hong Kong, a separate jurisdiction, had announced that anyone who carries more than HK$120,000(around $15,300) in and out of HK will have to declare it, though no restriction on how much one can carry, no taxes to be levied either. 
Previously HK has never had a limit or declaration law regarding cash carrying on one's body. 
This could be a bullish news for bitcoin. Or maybe not. Your call.
Lot of FOMO on the tape.  People buying the ask at a rapid clip.  We are def. going to see more movement here.  My guess is up still.  
Bulls and bears fighting a never ending battle at 7600. The next few hours are crucial for bitcoin. All signs point to still bullish but I must commend the bears for fighting tooth and nail to drag us bag into goblin ville. 
At least I wait for the next 12h candle to close, if the market pushes into the upper Bband when it is in a strong decline, the market mostly rejects the move, that is what is happening now, if we dont go past 7.7k and stay there.
For me my gut feeling is worth more than TA’s on this market. Yesterday i went long with my heart instead of short with my brain. Just woke up and oh boi look at that
I've added to my short position here as this was the original entry I wanted (pink dotted line on my chart). Stops came extremely close to being hit.  Am now sitting in the position size I would have opened if we were here yesterday.  Just having to go with tighter stops than i'd like.

[Chart](https://www.tradingview.com/x/j9qHR9ec/)

I anticipate that we are in range mode, rather than breakout. And end up back at the middle of the envelope (1 Week MA: blue line on chart).  In the process of re assessing target, $7100 looks unlikely now.

There is also the wild card ETH factor to bear in mind, which is making this all very difficult.  

And you might have seen this [chart](https://www.tradingview.com/x/JsAGjTKt/) I posted yesterday.  I expect this line to be back tested if we are to leave it behind.

(apologies for posting this as a reply to someones comment, just woken up here)

EDIT: [It's either long the pre breakout or short the top with toiger toight stops time](https://www.tradingview.com/x/grTwr8Xu/)
Anybody watching this down trend line https://www.tradingview.com/x/nsmaTFwD/
9.9K-8.6K only two points of contact though so not giving it much credence but could be interesting to see if it plays out.
Glad to see this subreddits outlook is becoming more bullish. Being bearish purely out of stubbornness is unhealthy. Market definitely shows more bullish signs and price will continue to push upwards. Goodluck to everyone longing
[removed]
Anyone familiar with the bitmex UI? Just wondering where the futures price is.

Cheers
Could you explain what having a short position really means? Thank you!
Since not much is happening right now, was thinking about the possibility of a catalyst in the bull variety dropping around the time our triangle is about to resolve.

What would be more bullish?

A) China unbans all crypto trading after insiders stock up in the downtrend.

B) Square announces all if their terminals will be opening LN channels to accept btc payments in 2019.

C) An ETF consideration announcement by the Winklevi 
What are your predictions for what happens when BTC hits 10k resistance again?
Crypto is getting really boring lately. I used to check it all the time. But I could careless when most days it stays roughly the same price from AM to PM. Something funky happened in crypto land.  I'm just HODL. Wake me when anything major happens.
moved my stop losses up just in case this barts down 
BCH/USD broke upwards..check out peters target...BTC could follow soon
https://twitter.com/PeterLBrandt
desperate hopium for us bears:

https://www.tradingview.com/x/AVFCs8ZY/

Keep the downvotes coming YEAHHH
Is it to early to call May 23 a capitulation event?
  out of position for now, waiting to see if $7800 goes down 
If you're bearish, it's improbable no person, chart, or TA will be able to convince you to be bullish. Gotta think this one through on your own.
BUY BUY BUY! 
Watching how price reacts to the circled resistance/support lines should give early indications of which way we will "Bart".

[Chart](https://www.tradingview.com/chart/rpqHj2OV/)

EDIT: Big denial of re entry into wedge.
EOS is not a coin you should invest in at the moment IMHO, but this mainnet release might have implication on the market. When do they launch today?

\(Edit: the launch starts in 12h and 38 min\)
Total manipulation.  Pumped to take out the resistance downtrend line from $10K and then dumped.
There's gonna be a ton of resistance in the 7,800-8,200 area. Good place to short for easy money if you ask me.
going long at $7520. Stop loss at $7480
Loving my long from ~7300 on Thursday. Gonna place a stop at 7400 and enjoy the weekend. 
Vladimir Putin's net worth no longer exceeds the total crypto market cap.

Below a single individual's net worth will one day be viewed as infeasible.
Closed my short from 7550 at 7510 10 minutes ago..Just checked the price. Nice.
[removed]
Bitcoin is in a little descending channel here on the 30mins. Still in the bigger acending channel though from the end of May. Expecting a drop here to around $7460, before upwards movement for the bulls. if $7440 breaks the bears have gained control. A big catalyst for the movment of BTC will be th 6th of June, as so many people are waiting for a drive upwards this day, if it doesn't come or it bearish, could be in for a bad month. control.  [https://www.tradingview.com/x/GguLqp8s/](https://www.tradingview.com/x/GguLqp8s/)
I think we're just kind of stuck/suspended, for a short minute.

Traders are rektd and confused, which isn't good for liquidity.

HODLers gonna HODL and accumulate.

A significant portion of bears, by virtue of selling BTC for 6 months, have been converted into bulls.

Now, we just have this one really dumb ass bear and crazy bull.
While my gains have been amazing while shorting for months now, I'm going to be really excited to go long in 18 months when the blockstream core devs magically solve all the crippling bugs that make lightning network impossible. Unfortunately, until the devs do the impossible, I'm going to ride this downtrend to zero! Short term prediction: down to 7300. Long term prediction: 2000.
z,,z,
[removed]
User name checks out. 
easy pick for the baby's name. 
LOL. And congrats. 
I hope your wife's contractions are a bit more convincing than that attempted Bart was.
Fractals they everywhere
Thanks for this information!
Hmm i see it at ~10 USD discount or did i calculate anything significantly wrong? (Or did the discount just now reduce?). I used the formula (BTCJPY)/(USDJPY) in tradingview, resulting in a bitflyer price of 7637 vs bitfinex price of 7645, right now. 
It's lower than it was during the insane fomo madness of December, clearly that makes it 'anemic.' Or something. 
I've heard low volume since January. If it's always low isn't it just normal?
This chat is has about 9 months of data. You can see the peak volume towards the top and the MA \(20 period\) shows the volume is declining and has been for a long time

[https://www.tradingview.com/x/fOlQkKyT/](https://www.tradingview.com/x/fOlQkKyT/)
Exactly my thoughts. Good to see someone mentioning this 
look at all altcoins too, there is rare it's over  5k btc volume now 
Yeah, sure sign of a newb: they think volume is low now.
I'm not sure what time frames you refer to, but the graphs I have strongly disagree. Volume has gone down since the December highs. This graph (not mine) shows it well https://mobile.twitter.com/CarpeNoctom/status/1002552287196217344/photo/1
Close the short and get rid of the stop on the long. We're definitively entering an uptrend that will likely accelerate in the coming days and weeks. 
Trying to drive users to "Coinbase Pro"?
Never had that issue either and Ive used it daily for a year now. 
There are times when they've had area specific issues.
Never had that problem here. 
you on mobile? I've never had that message
You are in bearville pal, this sub is always bearish
Lack of follow through

Slowly grinding up isn’t bullish. If this was a reversal there’d be another BGD to 8,200 instead we slowly crawled our way up just a little over a local high. 

Frankly in this market tight stop losses are the name of the game here. That’s why all those Bart’s are happening. No one trusts this action so you have cascading stop losses barting is up and down 
I see your point, the chart you posted makes a great argument and shows many similarities.  As others have mentioned though, the follow through on bullish chart patterns recently has been terrible.

But I think the thing you are missing is r/r.  Longing here is almost as bad as shorting 7040.  There *could* be some profit in it,  but you're up against it.
Thank you.
[deleted]
The bad traders are already broke, don't expect them to buy your bags. Why did you buy a bart?
Looking for a bounce from 7460s, bottom of the channel, for a decent long entry.
Point of Contact?
my rule of thumb for crypto reversals, or at least beginnings of them, is at least 3 1d in a row, followed by a stable or move up. Things looks good so far
I wonder what next after higher lows and lower highs in $9k, do we keep on repeating the same or we burst through?!
We have like 12 hours left and the daily opened around 7520. It's not a sure thing this one will be green. Besides you shouldn't want a lot of green candles in a row because that will lead to trend exhaustion sooner than later.
Captain Obvious: if we don’t break at least $7600 and stay clearly above it soon, it’s gonna be bad. 
I think the folks who were selling in May will be taking that advice. They must have realized the futility of their ways by now. If not, I've no doubt they'll come around.
here here
Never heard of triple bottoms. I heard of triple tests a support and then break it. :( 
I hope that will not be true with BTC. I still have hopes. 
But here is my problem, when I backtest my strong buy signal, I get this:

9/21/14 @ 380

10/5/14 @ 275

1/14/15 @ 166

8/18/15 @ 162

3/18/18 @ 7250

3/30/18 @ 6600

Many times, the weak buy signal ends up being really good entry points (in hindsight). So I'm worried my strong buy is too selective and may have missed on a possible good entry. But at the same time, I can't find a single thing wrong with any of the strong buy signals. But that also means I may have to wait years to get another one.
When you see signals happen, please post em with your reasoning.  Thanks!
big dipper formation
Permabulls

Edit: Permabulls or scalps
agreed, the fact that it didn't bounce back to hit at least $8,000 by now is bearish as hell
Lol. Every partial recovery after a drop looks like a bear flag if you draw the channel's memelines appropriately.
Shouldn't declining volume be expected if 7040 was our higher low and we're just consolidating in this triangle? I don't think 10k should be expected anytime soon, but a lower high somewhere in the 8000s.
Weak volume can be seen in both ways: No one's buying and no one's selling.
Nice video, Phil.
Great video
You know the bulls are worried when they make entire videos trying to convince themselves that the price is going back up.  All I hear in that video is "If it bounces here, then could be bull run".

TA was solid though and you are articulate enough, but the vid doesn't say what you advertised above.



It crosses upwards on every big DCB. Look back to Feb and April.

It's one momentum indicator. Don't bet the farm.
Oh boy. Here we go, kids
👊🏻
What was 2014-2017??
This comment is the perfect top indicator, expect a breakdown and lower lows soon, possibly under 6k
Slanderous, low effort, emotion driven, non factual post.  

This really got gold?


You are truly my brother from another mother, Chad. Or maybe you're one of my actual brother's many online identities. Anyway, you're exactly right. Making a little money on a short is yay, but it's strictly small-time compared to the money to be made in the longer gaime. Any profits should be taken in BTC or the trader is a sucker.
Literally never been in a bear market. Big drop from 20k and consistently lower lows 
Tell em Chad!
https://i.imgur.com/0j2BS5w.png

I see what you mean by hitting the top of that channel but I think shorting is a bad idea and why it would be especially bad to double down on 7800. We may have hit that top but our horizontal resistance at 7600 was definitely stronger than this trend line because it broke that trend line twice on the 1 hr. Another is that we just bounced off of 7600, a resistance that turned support.

https://i.imgur.com/Y2GJFAB.png

And doubling down at 7800 wouldn't be good because if we do get that high that would definitely confirm this iH&S on the 6hr. Top that with a bullish cross on the daily MACD and we should push up to the top of the symmetrical triangle that we are in at 9k. 

The thing I would be watching out for is Japan and I went in detail with that in my post below. If they can't pull themselves up right now then your short may pay off.
I got kinda burned this week after holding that short for like 4 days, go red then green and red again. I'm gonna give it a bit more time see if I can get a better entry around 7800 and see how that holds up. This just feels the same as the chop of 8.1K to 8.6K we had two weeks ago. So this might just drop from here and never even try to climb up again.

Good luck though. 

!short xbtusd close 7667
"newfound"?

We have been here for a week and a half??????
> I'll double near 7800 and cut over 7850, where I'll be looking to long a dip.
 
How to lose your Bitcoin stack: short, lose money, then pine away for a dip that never comes. 

News flash: this is the dip.
Not a good idea to short this market.
Too soon.  Once we hit 7650 the shorts will run for the hills and 7700 and beyond will be just minutes away.
> I have a sneaky feeling everybody's algorithms are set up [...] maybe one or two conditions

low volatility = low-effort comment:

> if {binaryechoes.votecount() > 0}
>
>           market buy 100 BTC; 
>
>              return(profit);
What indicator are you see the divergence on?
What ETH/EOS stuff?  I thought EOS was dumping this week?  
Sigh maybe we were too greedy :(
Those who were waiting for 7.1k should have bought when the price was at 7100...
it's an awkward place to get in because you have no idea if the market is going to follow through this or not
As a bull I like to read this and wonder how many other people out there are in your position! ;)
Isn't TA supposed to just be a gauge of sentiment?  
7.6-7.8 is a freaking mine field. It's not like it's just gonna burst through.

Still on my short.
You the volume node expert now? Lol.  It actually tends to move pretty quickly through low volume nodes, tends to go from high volume to high volume, that happens to be a strong horizontal level going way back. 
That resistance line was broken on linear finex chart with this last move up. 

7685 is a more relatic mark from a historic perspective considering it is a Saturday
I don't think there are many who bought in the last 9 days. If there are, I don't think they have that much power to move the general movement of the market. The market is behaving the way it wants to..
This has 6 points, really people? Some bearish conspiracy theory without any TA? There are a few stupid bulls in this thread today but at least they get downvoted.
I have the same trendline (but Bitfinex). On my chart we clearly broke through.

We already finished one full 4h candle north of it.

Are those 6h candles? 
Well... always good to remember that (insert object here)   is only  worth what some one is willing to pay for it... at this moment it’s (BTC) is worth ~76xx ... time will tell what it’s worth , always remember that... HODL/LONG/SHORT 
Are we into the part where FOMO kicks in and we soar back to ~8.4k levels?
I can see your PnL in open positions, thats how it is, and whilst the position is open, PnL won't show on your history page. Check with justanotherlogin for more information perhaps?
Yes, it can be done. Remind me monday or so. Out all weekend with the family. 
I see obv divergences from 4hr down to 15th but it's a matter of where you pick your comparison point. The way I do it is I look for the same price and where obv was. If obv is same, I go back further in time to find the next same price point. 

Can you use obv this way? I also understand you can look at slopes etc but looking for the obv at the same price helps compare over a longer span it seems. 
What fundamentals? US investigating price manipulation?
Real nice call bro 
What do people mean by price action? Are you referring to the buy/sell walls or just the charts?
Interesting. Thanks for sharing. 
I can imagine this was a deeply unpopular change with the countless luxury shopping districts in hk.  Mainland must have really squeezed them.  But I don't think it will stop rich mainlanders from getting bitcoin.





honestly I don't get bulls, why fight now? you break through and you get hit with the next line at $7800. So you are betting on a $100 move(1.3%) while sitting at the top. If this starts dumping you lose way more than that 
Honestly, ta hasn't been indicative of much lately. Sentiment is everything.
I always look at TA as the additional metrics they add on football/soccer games on TV (the number of shots on goal, corners, faults, red cards, possession of zones, attacks/defensive zones, etc.). 

Yes, you can quantifiy every small and stupid detail, but if you focus on them you are not watching the game at all. By watching the game you "feel" or "see more" than those numbers (you "feel" tension being built up, strength growing/losing). You can "feel" something might potentially happen soon.

Still, nobody can predict the future, and something unpredictable might happen. But I think your gut "feeling" can be a legitimate guideline (this implies you have to watch the chart a lot). Overobsessing on TA can have the countereffect and make you blind for what's actual happening (you are just watching those metrics instead of the game).


Hey man I am a believer that if you are happy with what you do, thats what matters the most, doesn't matter how you do it. Cheers!
Why, did TA say it was going down? I don't think so...
yeah keep doing that every time you make a trade and tell us the results mate
This is more like gambling and less like trading. I think you should take a long hard look in the mirror and understand the way you handle risk.
Yeah I'm watching it. Those down trend lines have been pretty good in general. It's the main bullish catalyst i can see right now.
You can draw your lines from wherever you want, but the only one that matters is the one from the point where you bought until now and the one from now until you sell/Bitcoin takes over. 

I've seen a lot of down lines in the past five years.  They're all tiny little divots in the longer one that goes up the mountain.
Rekt shorters downvoting)))
Examples of bullish signs?
#bitcoinmarketsflippening
[removed]
The top bar area let's you select which crypto to do. After selecting Bitcoin, the same header shows each future product's price. 

Gotta admit it was pretty hard to restrain sarcasm here.  Take a careful look around. 
[https://i.imgur.com/Lc67mFy.png](https://i.imgur.com/Lc67mFy.png)
Shorting originally meant you borrowed an asset from someone, sold it, then bought it back later at a lower price. You give the asset back and pocket the difference. It's essentially borrowing an asset to sell it high and buy it low.

You make money off price going down. On bitmex you don't really have to technically borrow it, you just short and make money when  the price goes down. 
Some exchanges allow you to bet against price. You win when price goes down.
A short,  is selling first and then buying later, people in cypto usually think that going short implies margin , but it's simply betting the price goes down by selling and buying laterv (with or without margin) , hope that helps :)
It means that people love throwing away money.
It means mommy didnt hug you enough as a child
It means you have to convince yourself that size doesn't matter.
A by a mile
Or D) US Government seizes Tether's assets and price breaks down.
E) many cryptos declared a security
F) multitude of other FUD, including hacks
The most bullish catalyst would be something bad happening and then the price goes up anyway.
The world banking system collapses.
Blast through with total, euphoric zest. Straight into Whales dumping on us as if they're throned upon the long drops at Glastonbury!
If we make it this far, we would have broken out of the huge symmetrical triangle everyone is watching, so it might be likely that it breaks. But it's more than questionable if we make it that far.
We blast through and never look back. At some point, buying BTC when it was in four figures will look like buying at $250 does now. Also, the global financial system is on its last legs. Read up on Deutsche Bank. They're toast.
The resistants will be your urge to take profits 
I don’t think it’ll be as easy as most people believe.

There are a lot of whales made during this bubble, and a lot of them stopped selling below $10K(50% off ATH) and they are just waiting to resume selling in that price range 
it'll go down again
If I hadn't come back to trading, I'd be rather happy about this past week's "stability".
> But I could careless 

If you could care less, then possibly you care quite a lot.
I don't necessarily agree that it isn't volatile.  But, if it were true, that is good for bitcoin.  Lower volatility will enable more real world use, eventually where the value is tied to something other than speculation.
bch has its own set of manipulators who mess with the price, just like eth has eos and btc has mtgox. It's going to be impossible to tell if movements are organic or not.
I've got [this](https://www.tradingview.com/x/Kuy5Cf6q/)

- Top of bull channel.
- Top of bear channel.
- Hit a textbook retracement of .382% (bottom of yellow zone).

Shorts have good r/r from here.  But breaking through is super bullish and indicative of a short term trend change (pretty much confirmation of a couple of green weeks), so tight stops needed.

EDIT: Added (text)
Bears don't need "hopium" when holders are celebrating being down 62% in the last few months and just up 9% from recent lows.    That says a lot about the state of the bear market.
Lack of a solid motive out of this potential bottom pivot has me liking your chart 
Absolutely.
Did you close that short for a loss?
Man you make it hard to be a bull in this sub
i would turn bullish if i see institutional money step out of the sidelines ~~and not get hit by regulations truck~~
Keep the chant going! Buy! Buy! Come on...no one?
BUY BUY BUY, I want my limit sells near 7.7k to be filled !
Thanks!

--Added to short.
Alts thread, no?
Investing in an alt is essentially shorting bitcoin that’s my .02
Bottos launch has more potential
Your thoughts on those implications: bump up, or sell the news event?
You probably shouldn't invest in anything that hasn't a clear token economics model. BTC is the exception here.
Take Venchain instead, much mote growth, and will bee a top 5 coin in the nearest future
It's moving, that's for sure. Just wonder how high this thing could go..
Lol at people hating on EOS , Steemit is only Dapp that works , ETH has been aound for ages and not a single Dapp has been built yet and nothing probably will be except crypto kitties 
lol this is crypto bro its all manipulation
[We didn't take out shit](https://www.tradingview.com/x/HFNY0B72/)

If anything we just got a huge rejection from the 10k downtrend
The amount of manipulation guarantees normal people will never get in to this market again. 
If we break the 7700-7750 target the up trend signal will be strong. If FOMO start to kick in... then those areas are not a problem.

(I'm long).
Half a percent stop loss? Really lol?

Edit: Example A... You got stopped for a loss + fees and now we're right back in the 7.5k range again. Sure maybe we'll break down here but honestly I think if you're so unsure of a trade you need a 0.5% stop loss to make it worth it you probably should just wait for a setup you're a little more confident in.
Did your stop hit? Looks like the rocket just left without you 
I'd advise on closing half of that out above 76XX if you're not enjoying yourself too much.

Longs are taking profit up here, that's why we can't get through.
Ha, I love mine from 7100. Hate to make 'told ya so comments, but it really makes me wonder if people still don't see this as a reversal. It's been obvious since the first green candle. 
Putin's net worth kind of doesn't count, as he must probably stay on power or be worth much less. 
do you know how much crypto he owns? ;\)
All right stop it boys , no one is allowed to speak about my Czar 
L
[removed]
That channel looks like a typical flag, but I guess that doesn't mean anything really, barting and all.
I think you forgot the "/s"

Seriously, have you sent Bitcoin lately? I have. Just today. Sent about $500. Cost about 20 cents. Confirmed in about ten minutes... to another continent. Segwit is working just fine, and Lightning works too but will be smooth as silk by the time adoption is high enough to need it.

Short term (a week), 9000. Long term? Moon.
Ok roger 
Could you please share the idea behind this post?
Chad?
Marge: Homer, I've been thinking... if the baby's a boy, what do you think of the name, Larry?
Homer: Marge, we can't do that! All the kids'll call him Larry Fairy!
Marge: Well, how 'bout Louie?
Homer: They'll call him Screwy Louie!
Marge: Bob?
Homer: Slob.
Marge: Luke?
Homer: Puke.
Marge: Marcus?
Homer: Mucus.
Marge: What about Bart?
Homer: Let's see.. Bart, Cart, Dart, Eart... nope can't see any problem with that!
I've just been using google. Even if my numbers are wrong I've been using the same source consistently so it shouldn't matter too much. You can even see it in the candles. Look on the 15 min chart and the pump was only 1.5% vs. other exchanges 2%, and they also clearly fell more after the pump then the rest.
no its been getting lower 
That graph shows that if you ignore Dec, then volume is higher than all of 2017 \(and at a higher $ value\)
look at the average since 2017 not a few anomalies during the ATH...
Both
To be honest shorting seems to be the most reliable trade, i wouldn't say that means this sub is bearish.
Yup bears and bulls looking to pass their  bags to someone else
I guess you forgot what it did before the parabolic blow off top and normies  getting in, slow steady grind up was the standard.  I picture the same until mainstream gets back in. 
For sure but, it’s been getting pretty annoying in this chop.  I’ve been longing local bottoms (and the bottom the the daily triangle) for a month and getting wrecked by 2% s/l candles and trading fees.  I’ve lost 7% (3ish% at the moment w/ open trades) of my trading stack to this over the last 30 days.  I haven’t been moving up my stops to profit hoping to catch a BGD after stop hunts and now I’m fucking over it.  I’ve moved my current trade stops into the green a couple % and not worrying about getting wicked out.  I don’t care anymore; I’ll take the profit and buy back higher if need be.  

Edit: was long from 7104 and got stopped out of half the trade on that wick at 7576.  Unreal.  
depends where you put your stop losses. In my opinion, this is the pivotal point. We breached the neckline of the inverse H&S. That means..."okay market time is up. Decide if we're going up or down". A drop from here would mean a breakout failure, and we're going back down to test support. If your stop gets hit in this range, most likely we're falling a lot more, unlike the previous bounces off resistance.
Agree that you're pretty nuts to open a long here. Wait to see if 7700 breaks at least.  

Really though there were ample opportunities to open a long over the last few days. 
it's bullish because that $50 extra has us over the neckline, and so far we're holding it after that throwback.
So much for what you said yesterday about taking it easy 
> The bad traders are already broke, don't expect them to ~~buy your bags~~ cover your position. Why did you buy ~~a bart~~ short term price movement?

Now market agnostic.
control
Well, the reversal in february didn't have 3 green dailies in a row.
A tightening weekly equillibrium can't continue forever. Looking at the higher lows (6k,6.6k,7.1k) and lower highs (11.7k,10k) I'd guess we go tighten till around 8k before a breakout occurs. I can't tell you if it would be up or down but it would likely be a massive breakout.
Not a sure thing but three daily green candles is used by a lot of traders to signal a bullish reversal.
TA has no absolutes. It could stay at 7500 for 3 more minutes, hours, days, weeks, or months.
Why?
Hind sight is 20/20 right?
Got to love this, down 62&#37; in recent months...go up a few &#37; and people thinking it's going to be December 2017 all over again.

The delusions, desperation and hilarity get stronger by the day.
Idk why everyone keeps saying they’ve “never heard of triple bottoms”...

https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/triplebottom.asp
Yep. It's only traders left in at this point.  Not enough people blind buying on coinbase for this stuff to fly any more.
What's this? Giving serious advice now, I expect better. 
was the rejection off of $10k this weak...? no, so that's why the bounce isn't really convincing 
Exactly. Weak volume is the best time to get a handle on true market sentiment. If it drifts up (more buying than selling), sentiment is bullish and patient. If it drifts down, sentiment is bearish. It usually heads gently up in times like these. But really, volume isn't low unless you think Bitcoin was invented in December 2017 as many bears in this discussion seem to think.
Thanks!
Thanks! Glad ya liked
Bull here. Not worried at all.
Did I say I was betting the farm? I know what it is.   I was just pointing out the fact that we will be going up for awhile. 
this must be satire
This fist, for some reason, made me Google Bitcoin /chuck norris jokes. Including this gem.....

Chuck Norris can change the 21million bitcoins by writing some code on the bottom of his shoe and roundhouse kicking someone's iPhone. But Chuck Norris would never change the 21million bitcoins because Chuck Norris doesn't need Bitcoins. Bitcoins need Chuck Norris!
a minor correction
You're usually much more bullish than this!
How are you holding up? Are you ready for this?
salty bears hate us cause they ain't us
Haven't all the lows been higher? 6, 6.6, 7.1...? Dunno, maybe you're better at maths.
Your post is almost as stupid as the post you're replying to. There hasn't been a lower low since the first dump in February. Could there still be one? Sure, whatever, but why destroy your own point with obvious #FAKENEWS.
Calm down Stacy.
That's not the channel top I'm referencing. 7850 is also historical/horizontal resistance. Remember, I'm only hedge short here, and I'll only be naked short for $100 of price movement. 

I'm mobile, but this: https://www.tradingview.com/x/4DVAAT14/
If you count "here" as a 10% price range, sure. 
You're so tiresome. I have twice the BTC I had in April thanks SOLELY to shorting this market. Get out of a trading sub if you only buy.
But we have been above 7650 several times in the last few hours and that didn't happen.
Sticking tape over my webcam as  I type you fucker!
My strategy is sooooo simple. Seriously, I don't even need charts!

The funny thing is, I know I'm not alone. I don't wait for trends, I help create!
Do you want ADX/DMI, Bollinger Band, ATR, or DeMark volume count conditions? Because that's all volatility. 
Up 21%, they've been buying their own coins to stop the dump and create a pump with their 250k ETH (unconfirmed rumour)
How’s the sentiment over in Korea?
Exactly what I'm worried about. 
1D going Green, bull days ahead!
I was waitig for a dip too, but i don't mind it going up. I trade to increase my fiat amount, i rarely stay in btc for more than 2\-3 days lol, there will always be more oportunities to profit.
ya nice life lol ~~
We will know for sure in 2 weeks 🤣
Same, still holding fiat just moved my stop losses up to 7.8k.

Volume still pretty low for how far we moved. Honestly I'd be more comfortable with this rise if we had made a second trip down to really test the zone of the symmetric triangle to the high 6ks before moving up. As it is, still willing to play the wait and see game this weekend.
https://www.tradingview.com/x/f6kOijM7/

this is why it's so difficult busting through $7600
I think go long until we get above 7800 and then try to open a short at that point and cover in the low 7600's.  It is likely to dip back after going above 7800 imo.
Low volume nodes can act as strong resistance though as well. It just means not much volume is done at it because it gets rejected quickly with low liquidity in the area.

Edit: for instance, pretend the price of something spends a ton of time consolidating just below $100, creating a high volume node in that range, but only because it's been wicking the $100 resistance every now and then and getting thrown back into the HVN crazy fast each time. This leaves little opportunity for volume actually at the resistance of $100, and it becomes a low volume node.
That's what I said! And unless I'm misunderstanding it it's not that complicated, is it? it just shows where the volume is at certain prices right? or do I not get it lol
I am a bull fyi 
if you don't cut wicks we didn't:

https://www.tradingview.com/x/uhIlOZgr/
In the top left it says what the candle is. 

240/60 = 4hr
I think it's slowly creeping in, I think over 8k will bring in a lot more people but most are waiting for over 10k.  
Trump starting trade wars. Increased segwit adoption. Nasdaq open to idea of trading crypto. 

In the alt space technology is going to continue to evolve and improve in spite of price action. The alts will pull up bitcoin kicking and screaming before the next halvening if it comes to it. 
Thanks
The way the price is moving in the short term was sort of wild within a narrow range.  It looked like it was about to go up to me.
I'm a bull at heart, I want crypto to flourish.  With that being said, I agree that now seems like a bit of a bad time to go long, but I guess it could look like a recovery and you want to get in early.

This very-well could be a recovery, I'm hoping it is.  It looks a heck of a lot like a rising wedge off the downward trend though, which should break down.
I can't speak for all bulls, but IDGAF what happens in the next month, let alone the next few hours.  My goal is to get as much Bitcoin as I can.  The math will take care of the rest.

I don't get why bears don't understand supply and demand.  Why do they think Bitcoin is worth $7000, magic?  No. It's basic arithmetic that you should have learned in 6th grade if you were in the slow math track in a middle-of-the-road public school district.
Why don't the bears let it go up another couple % on low volume and reshort or add to their positions just below $8k? Crush some bull spirits by dumping there when the traders scalp profits at the first sigh of weakness. Goes both ways, right? 
4 years in the game, doing just great 
I do look at TA’s and charts all day long, I don’t get the feeling that something about to happen out of nowhere. Also keep telling yourself you aren’t gambling, that won’t change the fact that you do as much as i
Maybe you should take a long hard look in the mirror and see the factual evidence that TA produces results aligned with random chance i.e. gambling.

Massey University study is a good start.
Isn’t it bearish?
cool
No not rekt shorters. People that cant stand these ethtrader quality comments. 
Story of my life :)
Props for your self restraint ! We all have learning curves from time to time 👍
Yeah thanks for not taking the piss lol. Been asking around here and Bitmex got a mention so thought I'd check it out. Was just wanting to see the discount/premium, for some reason I thought it would be more promenant on the website.
..and if the price goes up, then you may be forced to buy it back at the higher price, losing the difference. 

This also can help kickstart an uptrend when the price goes up, causing shorts to liquidate (and thus buy at market rates in bulk), causing the price to skyrocket further. 

Longs can do the reverse.
It's my understanding that you can't short without margin.

If you have $100,000 USD and $100,000 BTC in your acct and you short $100 of BTC, then that's still on margin.
By definition going short means using margin.  


Selling with the intention to buy back at a lower price is... selling.
Cmon, we all know how many ways it can go that way. If i wanted all the bearish cases i would have summoned fuckharvey.

Your point is valid, just trying to lighten the mood. 
Tether doesn't have any assets.  It's a token.  It's not even held in the US so they have dick for jurisdiction there.

They've been trying E for years.  It's bullshit so it doesn't work.

Hacks? Like Mt. Gox?  That's not very creative. A more plausible bear case would be if one of the exchanges was pulling some kind of fuckery and lending coins that rightfully belong to their customers to mass shorters.  But that would end up in court, and it would be the mass shorters and crooked exchanges that would pay.  Speaking of which: get your coins off exchanges except for the portion of your stack that you're willing to lose.
> US Government seizes Tether

Could very well happen and in the longrun be good for crypto
I’m fine with that.
And in the event of a global financial collapse you believe people will be pulling their money out of stocks and "safe" investments and throwing them into the most volatile market on earth?  Hmmmmm

I suppose you don't remember 2008? 

You see people tend to turn back to fiat in times of economic disaster, you know to pay for food and a mortgage.
why? 

the price crashed $1,500 and then bounced up $600 and is now "stable". Holders are still down $900 from last week. 
This. 
I tried drawing the channels and Fib retracement myself, and that's really convincing!
you're refering to people who bought at 20k , multiple people in here are still in 1000% profit , so yeah most people in here don't really mind it
This poster's got a point!
um I was long from $7520

and I don't short, my "short" is going to fiat and waiting for the price to drop down 
I can't tell if he's just trolling for this long or mentally off, would love to meet him in person to just see who this guy is lol.
op and cryptoChad are my capitulation/buy signals
Just being honest. I'm not worried about the snowflakes, they never last anyways.
Bye! Bye! (taking a break for a while)
What exactly does this mean? You added more BTC with the intention of selling it? Or you sold more BTC? 
I would argue that Bitcoin *does* have a defined economic model and real world use case.
you should not "invest" in any crypto even. 
Who gives a shit? These utility tokens are not themselves valuable for the purposes they purport to serve and there's nothing preventing Dapps or anything else from migrating from token to token if other tokens are less rent seeking. It's not a sustainable economic model in open protocol land.
That's the beauty of it, actually. Those who try to manipulate against true market sentiment and basic supply and demand arithmetic get rekt every time. The market goes where it wants, which is up, despite any short-term disturbances by the inevitable bearwhale. The only thing that has changed over the years is the size of the bearskin rugs.
Where is your downtrend line coming from?

Ok thanks and I think I had just sloppily drawn my trendlines...costly mistake.
That is the way it is with the stock market and daytrading, and was always inevitable with crypto markets as well.
There won't be any FOMO at 7,700, don't be silly. At 10k, maybe.
if FOMO kicks in, people can just buy $100 from here...you miss out on 1.3% of profit, but you avoid holding a bag if this barts down 
You still holding your short? Wait, when you're short you're only in fiat right?
yes, it either breaks up or down. Looks to be breaking up, but you never know with these things...so I want to be out early if it starts dumping 
no, I decided to lower them a bit since I couldn't baby sit while I slept and was willing to take a bigger loss.

not out of the woods yet though so I moved my stop up to $7580 just in case this thing barts down 
What makes you believe it is a reversal ?
Putin is Satoshi. Didn't you know?
You mean "Tsar"? confusing to use Czar.
BTC has a problem with follow ups lately, flags trend to break either way.
I hear ln only scales to 100000 users. But it is nice to think that there are 100000 people who would want to use it. A nice dream. 
Yes, of course. We just bounced off the 1day semi support and a possible up-trend although that is not popular opinion here.

edit: I am also gauging sentiment, low key 
Yeah i see what you mean in the recent candles. Strange. 
Lower doesn't mean low. Can't keep December volumes up forever.
How can December be ignored? That would be cherry picking
Entering shorts has been easy and reliable in the last week.

It's not closing them after only a single move that's been the shitty part.
I agree, this is a pivotal area.  I just don't think we'll do it here and now.  You think there is enough buyer confidence to push through right now. I think we need to confirm the bottom with a higher low in order to instil confidence.  

IMO this is why there is no follow through on your chart pattern.  People are not sure if the bottom is in and thus aren't buying.    
I guess. it's not even a new high, and it's like <1% 

I guess if we were at $7150 everyone would be freaking out about $2k too lol 


we've just been sitting at $7600 all week. now we're at $7650 and people are patting themselves on the back saying they just knew this had to be the bottom lmao 


I mean it could definitely go up from here. But I just advise people to keep things in check.

oh ok i will not comment sorry
That's why it's called a rule of thumb... 
I will be really interested to see it breaking this pattern sooner rather than later, I think we've spent enough time with it and we need to move one now yeah..
> but three daily green candles is used by a lot of traders to signal a bullish reversal.

Where did you hear that? Please have a look at 17.3.2018 to 20.3.2018 on the daily chart. There are enough examples to proof that this is basically fifty fifty.
You're absolutely right, though I do think there will be a sizeable move soon.  Typically, at least since the bull run anyway, BTC does not sit around one price for more than a couple days before it eithers jumps or dumps.  The 12h Bollinger bands are the tightest they've been since last May 2017, which tells me there's most likely a move coming soon.  I'd guess sometime within the next 24h we'll either see large buys, or people are going to start setting their sights on the 7.2k/6.8k price target again.
It kind of was, the real dumping started after 9k. It makes sense that people are scared to buy right now, and people are also scared to sell the potential bottom after 3 red weeks in a row. This actually looks an awfully lot like early april to me.
Yes, and that volume was caused by massive fomo leading to the ATH.

Without that volume driven by media mania, considering BTC is 100&#37; based on speculation, it's not going to be moving back up to those dizzying heights.

Volume decreasing to pre\-mania levels, no hype = price will likely retract along with it.
I don't think you'd be worried if we went to $10
No one should worry if they keep a tight stop on their position.
> the fact that we will be going up for awhile.

Based on a lagging oscillator? That's a fact, huh? 

Interesting...
Chuck Norris bought at 20K then lost his wallet key.
You’re being delusional 
A three year minor correction? 

No, that was a bear market. 
Badly. I hope it goes to 1k in a slow grind over 1-2 years so I can scrape together enough to buy back in. I know its selfish and a pipe dream...but I still think we are going down at least few more grand before new ATH
lol sure thing, Chad.

Edit:

Bear - Yes

Salty - No
Meant to say lower highs fools 
Yes, it was historical support before so it should provide resistance but it hardly acted as support coming down a week ago so for the same reason I don't think it'll be much resistance. It could be a good scalp but I would get out of it once your in profit.
Young blood, let me tell you about the swings we used to have back at 1k a 10&#37; swing was a slow day, IT SWANG UPHILL BOTH WAYS.
Easy to be right in a 6 month bear market but ok. However shorting now whilst all signs are pointing bullish is foolish but youre free to do as you will
Most of the 24H buying volume seems to be EOS/USDT. Is there any way to track if they were selling ETH into tether instead of USD? It would support the whole pump theory being as tether stays on the exchange hence making it easier to transfer amongst the various exchanges and to later pump into EOS when the time comes.
ohgod, just stfu with this fud shit. why would you even spread fud like that, pathetic 
Lotsa hatin' from the general public still. Stories like 'I am dating this guy and just saw him doing bitcoins, how can I make him stop?' 

But the more 'hardcore' crypto scene is healthier than ever. Lots of seminars and meetups, positive vibes in terms of what's to come from the once feared regulations, etc. 
like we went green on the 7th Jan, 28th Jan or the 24th March and then went down heavily? This is not a safe indicator by looking at the past. 
To be fair, the last time big correction in April at 6.5k, we pumped to 7.4k in a few days, only to return to 6.5k a couple days later.
I think you got it the other way around? Low volume means fewer underwater positions willing to sell as soon as we get to that price level
Yes, it means that with little volume in 7.6-7.8, the price will usually either get quickly rejected or move up through it very quickly. It's not a place with high liquidity.

Or price action could just color in the node; obviously nothings ever certain. Just what usually happens.

Edit: sorry for the spam, I've now said essentially the same thing in 3 different responses
Just messing with you, since you just learned it.    Ya there's no golden rule, but usually it moves quickly through low volume but there's always the outlier of old lines mixed in, but usually the price likes to gravitate towards the higher volume nodes. 
Interesting. On my chart it looks like this: https://i.imgur.com/ngfaRDC.png

Where is the difference?
Ahhh minutes, thanks. I was looking for it but hadn't seen that before 
240/6=40hr

-Verge lead dev.
I honestly don't think global economic crises will increase prices of cryptos. Who would want to put their hard-earned money in a "digital gold" that is volatile as hell, esp. in hard times.

But congrats on your long position. The bus has left me :(
Don't forget VISA crashing throughout the UK and some parts of Europe yesterday.
> Increased segwit adoption

You got a chart mate? Can you fit 1 billion users into 1 MB per 10 minute blocks?
if its a recovery you can get in after $7800 goes down when its a bit more certain 
This ^
I mean...at least we're pretending like we have a system instead of going with our heart. Lol
Maybe TA in the sense of identifying 'patterns'. But indicators are useful. You need to understand who you are competing with. Hint: not humans.
If it breaks through it it's bullish, if it touches it and breaks down then confirms it as resistance so it's bearish. But again, it's a trend line with only 2 contacts that starts more than 2 weeks ago almost. I would not put much if any stock in it unless it does confirm it as resistance. Only then could you make a case for it.
You know what's really cool? In a couple years, maybe even a few months, the line from 20K to 6K will look like a tiny little divot too!
I don't think these guys realize that people shorting are more likely to be real traders so they have tight stop losses in place 

so yes they gamble just like the next guy, but if they make the wrong call and it turns against them, they either lock in their profit quickly or they lock in an insignificant loss 

1st rule of trading, cut your losers quickly, let your winner ride 
I apologize to the fine sophisticated gentlemen for my superficial remark then.
Why are you downvoting ??? We need more of these people! :)
Charting sites such as cryptowat.ch show these various prices as well.
Always ask, always learn, “if your not growing your dying” #takeyourtimeanddontfuckup
Some people say that sitting in fiat is short 1x.  I agree with those people.
In that case, an ETF would be pretty bullish in the long run. I know people who would only buy into an ETF and it would open up Bitcoin to a whole new host of people. It would certainly cause a short-term rally.

The China bans - I think everyone's pretty much expected for them to get out since 2014. But if they unban it, it's just another opportunity for them to ban again for the 100th time and fuck with the price some more lol
lol ^^
"Tether doesn't have any assets. It's a token. It's not even held in the US so they have dick for jurisdiction there"

Erm the SEC and US DOJ have a very long international reach when it's citizens and investors are concerned
Or up 7000+ dollars over a couple years. Depends on your perspective.
Being afraid that it'll continue dropping, but the floor is being respected for a little while.  And all the movement since about November 2017 have been ludicrous, anytime it holds for a little bit seems nice.  And my buy-in ca is still thousands below, so it's nice to see it not falling through here as a long term holder.

It's a bit of relief I guess.  But after coming back to trading I don't give a shit what the price does as long as I can catch some movement.
I would always mind losing 62% of my money, even if i still had 1000x more than I had 7 years ago.  But that's just me.
Going short doesn’t imply margin , and you did say that you were selling with stops at 7500 and after the green dildo  you said  you increased your stops in case of the bart coming down  after that I didn’t see anything else , was curious how you were playing it out and found weird what you said  but it’s probably me who miss read it 
Some of it is strategic, some of it is me being upset at the market.

I hate when the market gets all irrational, bulltard or beartard. I feel the same today at 6-8k as I did at 18-20k, if that makes sense.

In a perfect world, we should be at 16-20k, today.
how so? I get more bullish the lower we go, so it's mathematically impossible for me to capitulate.
Perfect ...
Had a short position, increased it thanks to u/binaryechoes comment.  i.e. if he represents most crypto traders then now is the time to short
Yeah I'm not denying that. But LTC has the same properties and you shouldn't invest in it. Just like BTG. BTC has a lot more going for it than simply the real use case. History and network effect for example. What I'm saying is that a lot of cryptocurrencies are sharing the same model, but only one or two are the winners. 


I disagree here. Yeah it's mostly speculation but there are certainly a few gems that have valid economic models.
https://www.tradingview.com/x/v0rlTyT8/

Here you go mate
Show me one stock that moves in huge bart swings up and down.
This guy gets it 
Disagree. Optimism is coming back as we're bouncing away from the 3rd bottom. I don't know what's your definition of FOMO but I consider that what followed the big green candle in April (6k to 10k) was Fomo. If so my target is ~8700.
Good point, I'll wait for others to do the heavy lifting

- a lazy bull
Yeah, sitting in fiat so essentially the equivalent of a fully hedged short from 7.5k.

I've been starting to feel a little more bullish at least towards a temporary rally to test 7.8k, but at the same time buyers are still seeming like they have no follow through and sellers are smacking anything even trying to get up to 7.6k down now.

Just feel like from a risk management perspective sticking to my stops (alarms above 7.6k) is the safest right now, I'd rather have a slightly worse entry than lose money gambling.

Also trying to avoid doing any further short term TA in this chop.

Edit: For anyone curious, volume on this rise sucks. Still holding my fiat, moved my alarms up to 7.8k
Intuition
Years of experience in the market and seeing patterns I've seen before dozens of times. Also some basic TA. A flat week after a month down means there's no more room to go down. When this happens in Bitcoin (flat periods after a downswing) it almost always heads up, at first slowly then fast and hard. It won't surprise me if the price doubles in a month. Hasn't happened yet this year, and it has happened in every year at some point, except maybe 2015.
Satoshi took Putin ideas and made Bitcoin 
What?  Same thing. 
Exactly. The infamous barts are really bull flags breaking down, and bear flags breaking up (inverse bart). So not really reliable patterns these days.  
You know what I find completely obnoxious? When someone says something with authority and doesn't back it up. Link us your scaling article.
you don't expect volume to be up after the biggest explosion in popularity btc has ever seen?
How can Jan through Nov be ignored? That would be cherry picking.
A bit misleading to say that we were at $7600 all week -- we were bashing our heads against it multiple times, but never really broke through. Still remains to be seen if this last push holds, but so far it's looking more like a real move above that resistance than anything since we first fell through it. 
Not at all what I meant to imply. I’ve always appreciated your comments! Just lately really seems you’re taking on a much more patronizing tone.  We’ve got enough of that in here. You’re better than that, imo.  Instead I think I should go back to lurking and not commenting.
We're beginning the leg up at the moment. If we break 10k, the weekly equillibrium pattern will be invalidated. I'd love to see that too. I don't think it happens this time though. I'm assuming a 9k top this round.
/u/csasker in this thread just said that he uses it as a signal. I'm not claiming its a 100% accurate signal, just that many traders use it and we are about to see it happen for the first time since the last major run to 10k.
so you are referring to a 10 weeks old series of candles, since that was the last time it happened. it proves the point...
Could be that since the volatility is lower 'tight' is a relative term.  BTC can't stay crazy forever.  
Why 24h?
after I wrote this I thought about it and you're right, it wasn't until $9.3k that we dumped hard
See ya at 9000 by mid June. Revisit me then.
Yes.
Chuck Norris always knows his key, it is his right fist.
The reddit thread with btc /chuckles norris jokes is awwwwful. This fits in nicely. 
2014 and halfway through 2015 could be called a bear market.  Second half of 2015 went from ~200 to ~$400.  (I remember because I bought in May 2015).  2016 went from $400-$950 so I don't really see how that qualifies as a bear market.
I don't fundamentally believe BTC has any business recovering out of the downtrend here. I think it didn't serve as much support mainly because BTC is overvalued. That said, I'm more than willing to ride the market around. I just have a hard time seeing buyers suddenly climbing over each other to buy $7850 BTC when they wouldn't touch $7600 BTC for the past week. 

I'll cut it if they prove me wrong, and I'll set B/E stops if they prove me right. 
I'm not sure if you're being funny or condescending but I'm just going to chuckle and walk away
Preach brother!
A rejection off the downtrend channel resistance isn't bullish. The rejection off 7050 is bullish. There are mixed signals. I have the opportunity to short the very top of our downtrend with tight stops. Why wouldn't I? Just like I'd long 6950 with stops under 6800. 
Please grace us all with your valuable technical insight of why you feel so bullish. Not just some bullshit moon statement. Btw I'm not even saying your wrong (or right) but just give us 1 quality comment to back your stance.
I have no idea about tracking the ETH>Tether thing. But it seems like it wouldn't be that hard.
There was some screen shots of them sending 250k ETH to their finex wallet in yesterday's daily.  I assumed everyone saw that, sorry for not linking them. 

[Here they are](https://i.gyazo.com/2347f67005a84eceeb37730905433fbe.png) 

[posted by this guy](https://twitter.com/ETHloth)

Edit: Genuinely not trying to FUD
ya like even if we do end up going up, the market tends to shake people out in both directions
Low volume nodes are *usually* places the price either busts through fast or meets a ton of resistance and very quickly gets rejected. It means it's an area where there's not much volume being done so large traders are more incentivized to get in/out quickly with a lack of liquidity or else possibly miss their entry, resulting in a quick resolution to the attempt.

Basically it just means there's usually not a lot of time spent there, either because there's literally no resistance or because there's crazy resistance.
From what I understand it means we don't spend much time in there so we *should* zoom right through it

That volume profile is from up to like 8 months ago so most underwater positions have closed :P
it’s okay to repeat things we are all learning here. 
you're probably using linear, i'm using log!
lol visa crashed for a day... when btc was floaded during ath you had to wait hours for a transactio to go through.
really cool
Yeah definitely gonna take my time 100* is insane would love to know if anyone had a winner using it. 

Cheers
> Some people say that sitting in fiat is short 1x. I agree with those people.

I would characterize shorting more generally as 

> shorting = selling an (borrowed or unborrowed) asset with the promise (and expectation) to buy back (lower).

Selling into fiat (1x) to buy bitcoin for a lower price would be "shorting." Selling into fiat to buy a lambo would not be labelled as shorting.
Maybe to some small degree, but it really doesn't count as shorting. You never borrowed someone else's asset, you aren't forced to buy it back regardless of price when the price increases, etc.
This is how I roll 
Some people say that a table is a "chair".  I disagree with those people because they are using the English language incorrectly.
that is wrong.  Look at it this way.  Let's say I somehow had perfect timing, and sold 1 BTC at 20k (or 19,900 or whatever).  I now have 20k in USD.  I wait until 5800 and buy 3.4 BTC with my 20k.  Yes, I now have more Bitcoin, but the USD value of my portfolio is still the same.  If I sold that 1 BTC at 20k, then shorted 1 BTC at 20k, closed the short at 5800, and went long, the USD value of my portfolio would be significantly higher.
Well you and those people are just plain wrong. It's not a question of opinion - if you are sitting in fiat you are not making money when the price goes down. To be short (even 1x) means you have a margin position of some sort (spot, futures, swaps, other derivatives) that is in profit making money. Being 1x short just means you are only shorting the amount of your account balance.
why do people think an ETF would suddenly get approved? Aren't all the same reasons for why it got rejected still there?
ofc you  would prefer not losing it , but it's funny how you guys keep saying how bulls must be in such a  bad spot after going down 62% from ATH when they are in masive profits at least most people in this sub. And the majority of the big %gainers are "hodlers" the ones who are down 62% who were down 90% a few years ago and who have endured all the bubble pops , so don't worry about it they are more then used to it. 
ah gotcha.

yeah basically I moved my stops up, but since it's been a whole day without getting through $7700 decided to go to fiat because I asked myself would I be opening a long here, and I just can't say that I would. And i imagine that's the case with many other traders.
Wait wait wait...what’d you to do with the real binaryechoes?  Someone better do a well check :)
u almost turned bearish at the doorsteps of 7k few days ago -> local bottom
I dont. You're clearly just winging it. You need to create a strategy which consists of your own ideas.
> History and network effect for example.

This is part of what I mean by use case.
LTC is a solid investment mainly because it has hitched its wagon to BTC with Lightning Network readiness.  It's a great coin to actually use -- super fast and almost as secure as Bitcoin -- and it has been around for a while.  When all of this shakes out and all the shitcoins are in the trash where they belong, LTC will be one of the survivors, IMO.
yeah, like 2% :D 
I see that but where is it originating from? ATH line is now about 86xx . . https://www.tradingview.com/x/waLzlUuW/
I think he means that the stock market is also manipulated in its own way and retail traders are at a massive disadvantage 
How'd that intuition work for you on December 16th?
"Seeing patterns I've seen before dozens of times"

Ah yes because patterns explains everything, suggest you read Massey University comprehensive study into how TA gives results aligned with random chance.

"It won't surprise me if the price doubles in a month."

hahahaha, so global media hype was required to get us up to ATH, where is that money going to come from now the hype has died?

You sound very happy with yourself, I mean you only had a 50/50 chance of being correct.

Meanwhile I've been riding this down from $14k.
are your russian? they're pronounced the same?
I think it's just uncertain market. Sellers and buyers are afraid to push harder and taking profits when they can, that's why we're having hard time breaking any line and a lot of continuation patterns reverse instead of push through. You can see how many positions are closing and opening in every move, people are scalping a lot.
It isn't what you expect that defines what's low. It's the divergence from the average volume that defines it. And on my charts we're still higher than before the bullrun so volume is ok in my book.
wut
That's true, it just felt like we were there for quite a while. I actually think most of this is us waiting for ETH to break $600 though (which they just did)
No it's fine, I don't want to be patronizing. You're right and that's fair, I do genuinely think people should try to contain themselves over a new high that's $50 up though. Feel free to keep commenting, I do not mind you keeping me in check at all :) I appreciate it. 
I can only imagine breaking $10k, wow! 

Yeah I am also assuming the same and giving it a solid 49% that $9k will top this round. Lets see what the future holds..
Wtf how does it prove your point that 3 green dailies are a sign of a bullish reversal. My example clearly shows that that is totally wrong.
Possibly, but I find it unlikely that the volatility is going to die now.  There's still so much speculation around the market, that I don't see how we could possibly come to an agreed upon price right now.  I think it's much more likely that this is consolidation before a move, rather than this being the price we settle on.  It seems more likely that the tight bollinger bands are just indicating an incoming movement, rather than that all of a sudden, after many months of volatility, right here is where we decide to stop.
RemindMe! June 15 "Is Bitcoin above 9000?"
Thats not bad
,¢,z|
Well, 7600 was a strong resistance and if we were rejected off of it there would be better entries. If 7600 proves to be a good support, now, then buying at 7850 isn't that bad as the potential upside is greater than the downside. It's all about risk management and when you weigh the odds sometimes buying at a higher price is actually better when the probability of it going up is higher.
Man the bulltard crew is on your case today. Should've just hodl.
I have to agree.  This is the play!  The wicks show profit taking here, probably good traders with longs opened in $70XX range and bears shorting with good r/r.

Longing from here might work.  But longing resistance isn't profitable in the long term.
As most of you are obsessed with TA I would advise to look at the ichimoku cloud and see where price is sitting along which direction the RSI is pointing. There are ofcourse more fundemental reasons but that would be lost on you TA purists/gamblers
Thanks! Shady stuff going on 
Ohh you're right. low volume could also mean heavy resistance (people not trading that).
I think we should zoom in to get a better picture of how much time we spend in there. That chart right now is showing relative volume of price ranges including those from months ago
That must be it.
I know, but it is always good to see fiat isn't perfect, and a shitload of money flows through 2 major credit card brands in a way that, if anything happens to both, we are all fooked and back to paper currency, limited to what you have on your pockets.
100x is more there for marketing/advertising purposes, the CEO of bitmex essentially said no serious traders use it and the average leverage used on the site is around 7x. 
Always remember your fighting algorithms made by groups/teams of people much more experienced that you with years of experience in multiple asset classes,   Happy trading and best of luck internet brother!! Cheers!!
So people who sell their Apple stock are shorting AAPL?  Nope.
Wait, you can buy more than just crypto with money? 
I'm aware.
It counts as shorting the same way it counts as a "bull market' when BTC moves up 5% off its lows.  Don't expect ignorant noobs to use investing terms correctly.
Some people sit on tables.
I bet you are the life of the party irl.

Relax, this isn't a classroom.  The point you and others have missed is the undertone pointing out that choosing fiat or crypto as your store of value is arbitrary.  Some people want to see crypto as their base, and being in fiat as a temporary position.
You don't get it.  "Shorting" is holding fiat and "profit" doesn't mean you are making more money.   It means that you have the same amount of money, or even less.  And "money" is what you use when you brush your teeth.  And those are my personal definitions that I am going to bore you with.

No, not approved, back in the pipeline for consideration after derivatives for some time. 
I don't think it will "suddenly" get approved. But I do think it's quite a possibility sometime in the future.

Then again, us Bitcoiners have been talking about an ETF for many years. It could be in the pipeline or could be just a pipedream.
what, how did i turn almost bearish
I have one, follow your comments and do the opposite :)
Hm idk if I would put these things under use case. More like validity? Idk but we at least agree on BTC having a real use case.
and brand recognition
LTC is just a crappy clone that has existed for long. You could say the same thing you're saying here about dozens of coins. Vertcoin comes to mind instantly. All they need is segwit to get on the lightning wagon.

The only real alternative currency is XMR because financial privacy is a huge problem in today's society.
Nah even less. There are like 4 alts with valid economic models. So about 0.5%.
Ah sorry about the confusion.  Its a "Parallel Channel" and the 3 points are the pivot next to 9990, 8644 and 8204.4.  I think what's confused you is i have the 'extend' setting toggled on.  So it looks like it's coming from further up but it's not.

Hope that clears it up!
Easy buddy, let’s just see how it rides out, maybe bear maybe bull maybe mega bear 
It didn't work at all. But it works much better for the mid-term bottoms. I've been longing basically all three of them within a 1000. 

Basically, we're been going down for weeks, most respectable traders are short / no position, that's when I want to go long most. Weak price action, but the buying pressure always comes from nowhere when you least expect.
Yea lol sorry guys I meant TZAR 
> it isn't what you expect that defines what's low.

> is ok in my book


............?
IMHO volumes are still very low, so relative small trades have relative big impact on price, up or down \- but that is only short term. To break resistance at 8K we need much more convincing buying volume. Same goes for support at 6K and 7K \- needs more selling volume to break.
I will be messaging you on [**2018-06-15 15:17:54 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2018-06-15 15:17:54 UTC To Local Time) to remind you of [**this link.**](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8ny3t2/daily_discussion_saturday_june_02_2018/)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=[https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8ny3t2/daily_discussion_saturday_june_02_2018/]%0A%0ARemindMe!  June 15 ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete Comment&message=Delete! dzzvas4)

_____

|[^(FAQs)](http://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/)|[^(Custom)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=[LINK INSIDE SQUARE BRACKETS else default to FAQs]%0A%0ANOTE: Don't forget to add the time options after the command.%0A%0ARemindMe!)|[^(Your Reminders)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List Of Reminders&message=MyReminders!)|[^(Feedback)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBotWrangler&subject=Feedback)|[^(Code)](https://github.com/SIlver--/remindmebot-reddit)|[^(Browser Extensions)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions/)
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
Agreed, but sometimes shorting when it doesn't seem prudent (9900) is also a good play, especially right at a decision point. If we break 8K, the market is telling us it's considering a pennant retest over $9K. Plenty of room to long a slight retrace in that movement. 
Yes, those “fundamentals” that consist of nothing but our collective belief in a technology...how do you liquidate belief?  We get it dude.  If we didn’t believe in the tech long term, we wouldn’t be here.  Why don’t you take over this to r/Bitcoin?  All you’re doing is fucking up the timeline.  
So you dont have a timeframe. RSI is much closer to overbought than oversold in the 1-4 hour.And technicals are gambling but fundamentals arent....Right......
If you have a long term position that is well in the green using your whole stack, it can be nice to set it to super high leverage to get all the funds back to be able to set some orders to trade bounces and potential reversals in the opposite direction.
Good to know. You'd have to want to lose your money or have inside info to go that high.
Wait, you can buy money with crypto?
lol. but but but... 3 green candles in a row. You can't explain that!
Call it a chair all you want if you don't mind the funny looks and people thinking you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about.
OK? Being in FIAT still does not equal being short crypto.
Where can I see the status on it?? 
We all saw it
Everyones strategy is (slightly) different. I know you're probably joking but you shouldn't "follow" anyone in this space.
Well liquidity and durability (security) are directly related to store of value. The main distinction between Bitcoin and other PoW chains is that Bitcoin is established and has the greatest network effect. If *hard money* is the use case then network effect has everything to do with store of value and liquidity. 
AFAIK this is part of the network effect. But not too sure here.
Which 4 would that be in your opinion 
OK now I get it. Thanks!
now it is less confusing!
I can agree with that.
Fair enough never thought of it that way. So your trading with the purchase power of your whole stack whilst only using profits left on the exchange?
Nice
Sitting in fiat with no plan is out of position.

Holding coin with a plan to sell at a higher price is a position.  That position is known as long.

Selling your coin with the plan to buy again at a lower price is a position.  What should we call this Mr. Webster?
When you buy BTC, what do you call it?  long BTC, right?

If BTC is your preferred store of value, and you buy fiat temporarily, what would you call that?  long fiat, right?  It could also be known as short BTC.  It is definitely a position, so it gets a name.

Why do you hate crypto?


Dude, we are in fantasy land right now. But, if i were to say that the Winklevi got guidance the last time to a) establish a derivatives market, B) create some base crypto index funds C) provide the infrastructure for institutions block purchase of BTC, then we'll reconsider on some date in the future, would that be so unlikely? Maybe a pipe dream, but not out of the realm of possibility. 
When I called out to the crypto gods asking why they had forsaken us? That was an expression of surprise that we were going that low, there was no bearishness in that!
But if the use case is either store money or transfer money it shares the same use case as a lot of store of value in history. The use case is no different than that of the denarius used in ancient rome. 

Now the properties here are different but the use case isn't. I'd argue that the things you listed (liquidity, hashrate) is what makes bitcoins use case as money or store of value more valid than LTC or any other stupid clone but we are still talking about the same use case. 

There is a differentiation to be made here imo. But lets not discuss semantics now lmao we're here to make money.

Btw I'm not a native speaker so you're probably right anyways.
network effect for me is more the usage/hashpower/exchanges/wallets and so on, but yes they are overlapping
Oh sorry I didn't mean that. 

"Long term" on bitmex is only like a week haha. 
Sitting in fiat is no position.
Yes you are correct, it is long fiat. Being long fiat does not make you short BTC though. If you are in fiat and then enter a margin short, then you are long fiat and short BTC. If you sell your BTC and are just holding your fiat, you are long fiat and you are neither long nor short BTC, you are out of the BTC market, you have no position with regard to BTC.

And I don't hate crypto, I simply hate the fact that you are trying to change the definition of a word to fit your opinion. No matter how many times you say it, sitting in fiat does not make you short BTC
I was only joking, I don't know who you are. Ha
Yeah there may be a difference or it may just be semantics but the effect is the same. It's either an end or a means to an end but either way, it's something that Bitcoin has that almost every other crypto doesn't.
Ah fair enough just assumed long term was 1 year + pal. Hope I can figure this out and make something out of it, doubt it but you'll never know until you try
Sitting in fiat with no thought of buying in again is no position. Sitting in fiat waiting to buy in is a position. It can be compared to shorting
Sitting in fiat is going long on fiat if your store of value is crypto.
Then what is “shorting BTC”?
> it's something that Bitcoin has that almost every other crypto doesn't.

Agreed. 
About long term, I have a hold stack that I do not touch.  5% of that is on exchanges for trading.  I won't touch that 95% until btc price goes below my cost average, which is still thousands and thousands away.

To match the scenario you described, you could put 10% on the exchange, and then trade at 10x, and it's the whole power of your entire holdings.  Generally this is safer than moving 100% of your funds to an exchange and selling it all.
Using an exchange to margin sell and hold a position. You borrow BTC that you don't own using btc or fiat as collateral and sell it, entering a margin position and collecting profit on that position as the price goes down. You can do this on finex, kraken

Alternatively, you can sell futures contracts on okcoin, bitmex, or cme. Same concept, you just don't have to pay funding for the borrowed coins theres a premium/discount instead
