Daily Discussion, May 19, 2018
Let the HODLing begin. 
Why isnt meghan wearing a bitcoin wedding dress. Thats the attention we need
Volume very low, what are we thinking is going to happen today?
We're off.

Powering up my orbital Lambo and zipping up my spacesuit.
Anyone have any idea the last time 24 hour volumes were this low?  This is crazy. I guess weve all decided to stop buying or selling.
Sorry for the drop today, guys; that's my fault. I bought more btc.
I think I already know my answer but just want to double check. There's currently no way to receive funds via the lightning network without running a full node correct?
I miss Vegeta :(
What happened to the volume?
I feel like what we're seeing is a lie. Maybe BTC is getting ready to spike up 3k at once
I'm getting my spacesuit on..

:)

Cheer up chaps!
Don't worry, this is a healthy temporary correction. Bitcoin is still on path to be $20K \+ by the end of this year.
What a sad, sick dump fest this past week has been. With all the hype about the future of BTC, the present sure looks grim. 
What is the best resources to get up-to-date news about Bitcoin, its community and developments? (other than the good people of reddit.) I'd like to be able to wake up and read the bitcoin newspaper if you will
How much would Bitcoin be worth now if there were no other coins on the market?
volume on GDAX is saaaaaad, never seen it this low before 
I'm looking for a graph that shows the total amount of BTC miners earned for completing a new block (subsidy + fees). I can only find graphs that output the value in a real world currency (e.g. https://blockchain.info/en/charts/miners-revenue?timespan=30days).
Isn't this relative stability over the last 6 months a better scenario for Bitcoin since it should encourage actually using Bitcoin as as a currency? 
When will get back to 9k?!
[deleted]
What are you predictions for the highest price for the rest of 2018?
There is one bitcoin hidden in the puzzle below.  If you can find it, it is yours!

svijnadlvjnf;jbjibnijnbjnkebkmmlmbk!onebitcoin!ydvlkndfkj
Print print print
good jump, but volume not rising
Dammit.  Cmon. 8500. LEGO 
Its over
O.K.  Im depressurising my space Lambo and unzipping my space suit.

Maybe next week :)

(and if ANY OTHER mindless, barely literate, poster would like to opine about my precise and accurate spelling and grammar, read a fucking dictionary first - you ignorant tosser.   Love and peace :)
We will see a massive breakout in the next 6 hours (or before).

Just not sure about the direction. Buckle up!

https://i.imgur.com/fYIEL2x.png
No users= useless technology. Where’s the creativity with innovative user interface wallets. The internet innovation moved faster. Sorry to be downer but it might take 20 years more. Gotta be a realist at this point. Maybe it’s too far ahead of its time that even the younger generation is ready for it. 
Where is best place to buy bitcoin online at?
Fellow redditors as we are the bitcoin community, not much of the percentage. In this thread be careful what you say never let the other person know your next move. Don’t say what you bought in at how much you have or anything to that extent it give people the upper hand. Suck on that! 
I've talked with a handful of people in their 20s this weekend, mentioned bitcoin in passing, every one of them kinda shuddered and said things ranging from "omg Id never get involved with that stuff" to "blockchain is a scam"  SAD 
all those printed tethers eventually have to go somewhere
What could be the factors that would affect the gains/lows of btc for the rest of 3rd and 4th qtr of 2018?
Hey guys, new here and looking for an answer / help \- Just got my Nano S Set up and moving coins off exchanges, etc and I noticed that my BTC balance on my Ledger Wallet App on desktop has a $500\+ more than what my apps track it as... Curious to know why my Ledger Wallet says I have $500 more BTC. 

Thanks for the help. 
I thought yall said moon! Now I’m losing all my damn money. Fuck bitcoin and fuck the moon.
I’ve got a very important question!

I’m from Pakistan, but currently living in the UK. I want to buy bitcoins from my pakistani bank account from the exchanges that support pakistani banks. However, I’m already registered to many exchanges with my UK as my current country.

I would like to know if it is still possible to buy from my pakistani accounts from those already registered exchanges. If so, would I be charged the conversion fees to usd as well?

Is there any alternative to this to save fees?

I’m trying to avoid the high banking fees that incur while transferring money internationally.

Thank you
Still narrowing in a wedge/triangle. I honestly thought it was a breakout a couple of weeks ago.  Although there is no criteria other than what it looks like, the year long chart is a classic monster wedge. If so, volume will continue to drop and highs and lows will continue to narrow. A breakout can be declared at a price greater than $20k or lower than $6k. It will hit one or the other but not both.
