Daily Discussion, February 08, 2018
John Mcafee posted his number on his twitter earlier. Called him twenty minutes ago and didn't think I was gonna get a response.

But holy shit... actually picked up. He says there's no way he's wrong about bitcoin 1 million, so he's not prepared to eat his dick off cause he says he won't have to.

Interesting conversation to say the least. 
Good morning East Coast America. 
Got dammit hurry up bitcoin, I want my golden lambo.
TIL the dow is a sh*tcoin
Very positive news guys. They also want a piece of the cake. 
https://www.ccn.com/european-banks-soon-hold-bitcoin-admits-ecb-president/
Don't be the guy who's like "Oh shit I shoulda bought during the dip" when we test 20k
Pretty interesting that the volume for 24hrs on gdax has been holding steady at 50k for a while 
So looking at https://lnmainnet.rompert.com/
What does it actually mean in terms of lightning adoption? Are these just random people setting up nodes or is there some other significance? 

What's the benefit of these nodes opening up dozens of channels? What's in it for them?
Buckle up folks.  Up we go 
id be fine with a slow creep up
There's a war @ 8200
Soo, who sold last night expecting a drop in value?

"this is pump & dump"
"Head & shoulders"
"4k bottom or it didn't happen"

Its funny, a lot less hate right now.
BTC is here to stay
10 minutes to go....DOW currently -854....if anyone cares.  :)
Pls, could someone let me know what is this 8300-8500 wall about? 
- what's the dynamic? 
- is it indicative of a direction? 

Thk
https://socioecohistory.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/theeconomist-phoenix_get_ready_for_world_currency_by_2018.jpg
I was told there would be short squeeze -_-
8k defense is down 
Bought at 8.5k thinking it would go up more, RIP me
I’ve never seen a sub with so many comments from “redditor for X days” accounts. Just makes it even more obvious no one in here knows what they are talking about, tons of weak hands and uninformed buyers talking out their ass about resistance levels and bear traps. Sub is getting embarrassing. Got too big too fast
I pray everyday this shit to go up fk
I hate and I love bitcoin at the same time... I'm normal?
What I want to know is, where have all the negative stories gone?  I sold around 7k, not because I wanted to but because I could not afford to lose my initial investment after a series of financial hardships.  What was once money I could afford to lose, I could no longer afford to lose due to circumstances outside of my control.  For two months straight, we had negative stories every day, from every media outlet about crypto.  Then magically after Feb the 5th, nothing but positive stories about Bitcoin going to the moon.  Before everyone shouts "That's what you get for not hodling!", remember that hindsight is always 20/20 and that not everyone can afford to stay in if the ship sinks and you have a family to feed.  This seems very clearly like market manipulation.  Where is anyone asking about Tether now?  For two solid months it was trumpeted that Tether was going to hurt Bitcoin irreparably and now...crickets even though there has not been a finding.  I more than doubled my initial investment and I'm happy for anyone that has done better.  I WANT Bitcoin to succeed and go to the moon.  I just also want to know if powers that be are running mass smearing campaigns followed by mass positive campaigns to manipulate this market.  (I think I already know the answer to my question)  Just want to know what the rest of the community thinks.  
Good news! "European Banks Could Soon Hold Bitcoin, Admits ECB President" https://www.ccn.com/european-banks-soon-hold-bitcoin-admits-ecb-president/
HUGE candles today
Up, up, up you go bitcoin!
Please go up to 20 soon :(
I just bought 0.015 BTC, AMA
Ver playing his childish games again today
BTC has been above 8K for 12 hours! Where do I pick up my Lambo?
Not very exciting, a little wave and now fading..
Only 21million ever to exist. Around 80% already mined. At what point with current tech will difficulty become so great that you must consider remaining un mined bitcoin out of reach in your lifetime. Your childrens lifetime.  Get em while supplies last.
come!!! up or down but do something!!!!
After binance resumes its trading will the price of most of coins rise?
2019 Bitcoin 50k 
Shamans all over the world have traditionally performed rainmaking ceremonies to influence weather.
Maybe it's time we consider doing something about Bitcoin's price.
Edited: not chamans* but shamans
Buy buy buy, it's under $8k on bitfinex, prepare your bags and get ready for the $8.6k+ tomorrow.
I notice that there is virtually no backlog of Bitcoin transactions at the moment which is great news.  

https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions
Anyone think we can get to $10k during this weekend? 
There is something shady about Binance.

The volume yesterday was nowhere compared to Feb 5 - Feb 6.  Binance is NOT going down because of "high volume" on Feb 7, or whatever data sync issue.

They are likely going down because they are running out of legit bitcoin, or haven't made enough profit outta those who sold at 6k.

I hope they don't end up getting "hacked".
[Binance got new logo](https://imgur.com/a/fhZa2) :)
To those who are familiar with coinbase:
So im in the process of verifying my european bank account. The SEPA transfer finally went through (after 2 days), but my bank account still hasnt been added to the payment method list. I thought my bank account would be added instantly when the deposit from my bank successfully went through? Is this kind of delay normal?
What’s going on with the b-cash pump? I haven’t heard anybody talk about it. It’s up 20% while most other alts are down. Does anybody have insight on this? Seems very suspicious.
dow dragging on bitcoin?
Besides being the first, just curious what sets Bitcoin apart from some of the quicker cheaper alt coins?  Long term, how can bitcoin compete with some of the others like Stellar, GRS, etc.?
US Congress to hold blockchain hearing this valentine's day idk if its going to be live streamed, hopefully some good news is coming our way soon!!
https://www.coindesk.com/u-s-congress-to-hold-blockchain-hearing-on-valentines-day/
Thoughts on investing in a btc etf?
is attending the coindesk consensus conference worth it? has anyone been? 
I have a question, what advantages does a hardware wallet brings over a paper wallet?
Anyone can tell me what you think to will happen when binance open their market and explain why you think that? 
bitfinex fud?
[deleted]
Looks like it might coming back down to test the bottom again. More buying opportunity I guess.
Sell low buy high right?
You kids ready to rumble?
Hi, have a good travel in the EU train.
Let's ride a bit <3
Half an hour until binance comes back people!!! I will crap my pants if this doesn’t happen.
This little bat was fun.
[deleted]
Cracked $8500 now
Feels like november all over again <3
Why is everybody so confident that the dip is over?
So I was thinking about buying a small amount of bitcoin for the first time and see what I can do with it. 
How much do you think a good initial investment would be? I was even thinking about making two portfolios, that way I could test some strangeies independently from each other to see what works and what doesn’t. 
Is this a bad idea? 
Let me know your thoughts. 
Thanks. 
What if Satoshi is still alive the day BTC takes over our economy & decides to crash it?
whos pumping bcash??
How/why did Binance go down?
BCash pump just started on OKEx. Roger losses millions!
This is my forecast for 2018. Time to buy right now.
https://i.imgur.com/Gq8M0Uq.jpg
At the end of the weekend/Monday morning, I reckon we’ll see a drop to 6500. This would complete the batman silhouette on the coinbase 1Y chart.
10k tonight. Run and tell that homeboy!
I see people saying stuff like "short squeeze." However, based upon the [data](https://www.tradingview.com/chart/FWxQU5jW/), shorts are really low right now, and longs are very high. They are like 1.5x above where they were at market peak. Why this is bad news is that they have been piling up for the last few days FOLLOWING the rebound, and haven't closed. However, usually this would result in a commensurate raise in prices. It has not, it has been sold into heavily. If we drop another 500 or so, we will start seeing a catapult effect downward due to long squeeze. Thereafter, shorts will kick back down and push it lower.

The key is for BTC to go over about 8800. If not, this could become apocalyptic quickly. 
Really feel bad for the folks that sold BTC earlier today on Binance and couldnt buy back due to the maintenance... 
Looking good. Needs to keep the $8k level for a couple more days then it can break $10k or more.  If $8k breaks the next couple days we could test $5k again
this is it,,, 9k next hour i reckon
A must read if you "tethered up."

https://lambodreams.com/2018/02/08/binance-now-youve-tethered/
I’m so scared. The batman formation came true and the price is descending and bonance is forcing a hodl.
Ver has been quiet for a while.. is this him playing games again?
[removed]
Can someone explain what have changed with bitcoin that its going up again? Did transaction time decreased for being suitable for every day use, or some kind of protection against stealing emerged or its no longer completely  transparent once someone knows your wallet?
Why do so many people seem to misuse the negative sign?  Is it normal in some locality around the world to use -$5k when meaning under $5k?  In my region at least a -$5k price would mean negative $5k, which means you're paying someone to take your Bitcoin; whereas <$5k would mean less than $5k.

I'm not trying to harass anyone with this, I just keep seeing people write it with the negative sign instead of the less than sign and in a couple contexts it has made it a little hard to tell what they meant.
This is too easy. Stop hunting at its finest. Someday, maybe you'll learn not to set stop losses during corrections. You're either a believer (in), or not (out). All your BTC belong to me.
Good Grief!  Another week WASTED!  All of this sideways BS. The market obviously does NOT want to rally yet.  Let it freaking drop to -5k so that we can start the freaking recovery!  

Look at it fall... it's beautiful...
This recovery is shitty. Bitcoin right now is that old lady in the commercial that fell and cant get up. Its like bitch get up already.
Since Binance has been down, and multiple Chinese exchanges have been having down/withdrawal issues since yesterday, here is the conspiracy theory.  You should understand why centralized exchange is bad.

1. Assume BTC market price is 20k.

2. Centralized exchange can put up a sell order @ significantly lower than 20k, selling NON-EXISTENT bitcoin.

3. Some user bought this fake bitcoin at 19k, with usdt, say.  As long as this fake bitcoin is not withdrawn to the user's private wallet, it's just a number in the buyer's exchange account.

4. Centralized exchange continue low ball selling fake bitcoin.

5. Panic sell starts.

6. Exchange put up buy orders, using those accumulated usdt to buy up real bitcoin at a cheaper price.

What if panic sell fails and price shoot up?  What if a massive # of users trying to withdrawal at the same time?  The centralized exchanges now go into maintenance mode, or claiming "hacked".

Feel free to downvote if you think this is nonsense.

it's really touchy for Binance user who sold btc but didn't buy now, due to maintenance 🙏
Anyone else having trouble with logging in to Coinbase? It will let me log in, but the dashboard just displays the blue bar at the top and a blank white screen.

Edit: I'm in! Nobody panic.
Ah yes, thanks!
What the hell is going on? No trading at all?
Asked something like this yesterday but, Who here day trades btc successfully?
Haha I don’t have the authority unfortunately ;)
Correlation between Bitcoin and SNB (Swiss National BANK)?
think the sell off has started early this week
so I believe in Bitcoin, but I don't know the coding/technicals. What are the issues that come with increasing block size? 
What form of payment is everyone using on coinbase. My only two cards are capital one and chase..... go figure 
There’s no reason I couldn’t have two wallets separate from each other? Right? I could use two different trading platforms. Or I could have two separate accounts on the same platform? Am I wrong? Or could that work? 

Hey, on a side note. Does anyone know about a good iOS app for bitcoin? It would be nice to be able to do more from my cell phone. 
so if i were to do a slow withdrawal of money from gemini (USD bank transfer), it would take a week, but it should hit my bank without confirming right? it would be automatic?
Wonder what's going to happen once Binance goes back online. Panic buy? Panic sell? Panic hodl?
Can I transfer from Poloniex to a segwit wallet?
Checkout the recovery with live stats, ai forecasts and charts at https://bitbank.nz based on poloniex data and updated every 10 seconds. Also Checkout the referral program 
[deleted]
looks like dow jones is crashing before bitcoin, but dont worry, is backed my something, not like bitcoin /s
I DONT CARE ABOUT THE TECH, NEED LAMBO SOON!
Who says bull trap and who says not?
If you have any remaining bcash on coinbase, now may be a good time to sell it for BTC.
[deleted]
A little bit if sideways action right now is no harm, building that base.
8.5k failed to become support, are we done for now? Or can we retest? I feel like there's too much sell pressure right now and it's barely holding above 8200-8300.
hoping we dont break 8k

I’ve never mined before. 

I have a pretty new MacBook Pro, I only really use it for light stuff during the day. Can I utilise it during 9-5 to do some mining for me?

What would I need?
Tech analysis suggests a 7500 touch before another bounce. Love the swings....and roundabouts!  "the new gold...." ha winklevi PR machine in action today :D 
Anyone thinks it's gonna dip to 6.5k again, I wanna buy me more
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6451  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/46794)
Lol at the people selling because they think Bitcoin is going to crash. KEEP DREAMING
Goodnight see you guys at 6k-7.5k
DON'T BE FOOLED, THIS IS A BULL TRAP, PRICE IS STILL HITTING 5K BEFORE IT GOES INSANE
Can’t wait till these fraudsters are fully exposed. They and coinbase are confusing the hell out of the noobs.
London bridges falling down.
Binance db resync is taking so long because they are located on the moon.  A very forward thinking company.
[deleted]
Bitcoin will bottom at 3k, This summer it will finally get an ETF and this will push it to hundreds of thousands.
Looks like dead cat bounce under way.
Weird how this bubble won't just pop already
Looks like a bull trap on bitfinex right now. Hope I’m wrong, can’t wait for the vegeta memes again 
When does BTC report earnings?

I'm expecting that the next earnings report will beat Wall Street expectations and send the shorts running for cover!!
Where can I get free bitcoins??
Bitcoin = Digital Gold or Gold Version 2
Good morning. We still on my beautiful balloon.  https://youtu.be/HfxqQmWtGNM
anyone any idea how long it will take Binance to get back running?
Can anyone pls tell me how to claim bcash from electrum with settings of trusted coin? With 2fa enabled?
Anyone know the best way to get my Bitcoin to PayPal?
Nikkei 225 just opened....down 3 percent
Looks like we're going sideways for the next day or two.

**_The above comment is opinion and is for information purposes only. It is not intended to be investment advice.  Seek a duly licensed professional for investment advice._**
This is it, the final drop down to 0!
[removed]
I dont understand what this article is telling me.  I just want my golden lambo

http://www.news.com.au/finance/money/investing/without-this-scam-bitcoin-price-would-collapse-fears-grow-over-tether-printing-press-as-auditors-part-ways/news-story/308503ab61f82d320e92847a0b59a23b
So let's take a roll call and see who outside of the Central Bank of China, who's secretly making their own cryptocurrency, are there any governments or banks that haven't supported Bitcoin and Crypto in the last 48 hours? Seems like prices should already be at the moon by now with the amount of support it's getting. Clearly they move in herds or the global switch from FUD to sunshine-pumpers memo was circulated 

It's a bargain under $9K!!! And will likely be one under $19K too....

Can't believe the European Central Bank's comments didn't cause the price to double in hours....apparently few understand what that statement really means. Ummm...just so everyone is aware...central banks literally print fiat...so they umm....have a LOT OF MONEY to invest 
Hey guys, these are some statistics of bitcoin for you .https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1vfT84BFMHoKndg3Dd9B4kD7ABOW6XKXE0nFoMCPrt2s/edit
[deleted]
