Daily Discussion, February 05, 2018
Bought in at $16k and I’m thankful as hell that I listened when everyone said “don’t put in more than you’re willing to lose”
I hope at the very least the one lesson everyone learns from this is that shit coins do not provide you diversification in case bitcoin crashes.
Just sold all my BTC at a break even can’t afford to lose 
https://media.giphy.com/media/26DN3fzV4kjXM066k/giphy.gif
FUCKFUCKFUCK^FUCKFUCKFUCK^FUCKFUCKFUCK^FUCKFUCKFUCK^FUCKFUCKFUCK^FUCKFUCKFUCK^FUCKFUCKFUCK^FUCKFUCKFUCK^FUCKFUCKFUCK^FUCKFUCKFUCK^FUCKFUCKFUCK
At least the fees are low. 
so this is what true fear feels like
In all these, there is one good news. McAfee is going to eat his dick

https://diegorod.github.io/WillMcAfeeEatHisOwnDick/
Anybody who has or is planning on investing in crypto at this point, keep in mind that at least 90% of what you read (especially here), whether bullish or bearish, is often baseless speculation and as some one who's lurked for a while, many people commenting here and in other places are very emotionally invested in bitcoin (or "competing" cryptos), and I personally would take what people say here with a grain of salt.

That being said, here's my two cents on all this. Feel free to disregard.

* Make a strategy now if you don't have one (preferably before you invest). Lump sum or monthly investments? How much? When/at what price do you plan to cash out (or at least reconsider).
* Educate yourself, not just about bitcoin, but about cryptos in general, money, econ, statistics, investing, psychology, etc. Know what you're investing in and be aware of your limits.
* Be aware of the risk you take on by investing. Don't invest money you can't afford to lose. Consider different outcomes and contingency plan. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
* Never panic buy or sell (Having a plan helps here). Wait a week or so and see if you still feel the same way.
* Consider diversifying your portfolio, whether in other cryptos or in stocks, etc. Again, research.
* Invest long term, don't speculate or day trade. The volatility (and probably your blood pressure) goes up, you have to deal with trading fees, and the long term benefits over hodling are questionable at best. Make your investment(s) and let your money work for you.
* Taxes, yo.
* Be aware of and try to avoid logic fallacies - gambler's, sunk cost, bandwagon, etc. Keep in mind that learning about them doesn't make you infallible (heh).
* Think about why you want to invest in crypto and exactly you hope to get out of it. Come up with some possible counterarguments and see if you can back up your reasoning. Be honest with yourself here or you're only screwing yourself over.

Personally, I'm optimistic that bitcoin still has a future and that it will start rising again eventually. I also think that the proliferation of other cryptos is actually beneficial to bitcoin despite the competition, as they help both bring attention to the wider cryptocurrency sphere (causing a rising tide which lifts all boats), as well as encourage innovation, which will be necessary for it to remain healthy and relevant in the long run. As for the possibility of governments outlawing it, I think torrenting is a good historical analogy for how well that would work out.
Its been an honor hodling with you gentlemen...see you all at 5k :/ 
[deleted]
Where are the people from last December who criticized Warren Buffet for not recommending Bitcoin?

If he had bought into it, he'd be named Warren Soup Kitchen now.
I just realized why I always found the talk of "Lambos" so distasteful.

It's because it reminds me exactly of the language in all the multi-level marketing schemes, where the "nirvana" state is to buy a pink Cadillac.

Every time someone is being scammed into entering a MLM scheme, people talk about the pink Cadillac. Every time people say online that the schemes don't work, dozens of people pop up to say that *they* got their pink Cadillac, or know someone who did, or their mother once worked with someone who did. And the post is down-voted by everyone who doesn't want to doubt that they'll get their pink Cadillac, and the readers are all shamed into sticking with the MLM scheme or they'll never get their pink Cadillac. (*Edit: Cadillac, not Mercedes*)
Bitcoin's in the shitter and I'm feeling pretty bitter. I shoulda sold at $20k but damn, I ain't a quitter. 
*puts on scuba gear for dive*
After shorting it rises FML.
There is literally no support. This is a full-blown crash and everyone is trying to predict the bottom of a black hole.
It would take gains of roughly 300% to make up for the value lost since the ATH.
I began stocks/crypts investing 3 months ago for the first time and both of them crash

Mom was right
Today has been a great day for all the USD hodlers out there. It's up vs. stocks, up vs crypto, etc.
Off to bed. Will it be at 4K tmrw and I lose even more. Or will it be 9k! 
Find out tomorrow morning on the next thiscoinruinedmylife!
Aren't you guys embarrassed talking about walls when the whole price is one smooth downward slide?
“IM GOING TO HODL TILL THE END!!”

***refreshes screen every 5 seconds to check price***
[removed]
Its been a fun ride, just got out before I would fall down from a green to red. Good luck to all.
[deleted]
Well I'm getting out. Gonna buy a car.
I knew this was a bubble when my 70 year old lawyer was talking of buying some Bytecoin
What a rollercoaster. I predict under 6k tomorrow.
I spent £200 as my first investment. It's now worth like £90 :( 
I bought 0.5 in Feb 2017. Sold a little in Dec And the rest today. I enjoyed that but a year is enough time to be checking the price. I feel I've earned my little profit, if it shoots back up I'll honestly be happy for those who bought late 2017 to be back in profit. Good luck bitcoin.
brace for sub 6000 levels. Its coming fast.

eDIT: And its gone.
7k wall broke like a cheap diaphragm
And it's 1/3 the high from December.  

But I guess all those warnings of being a bubble were just FUD. 
Bitcoin bounced at the exact time the Dow Jones bounced wtf
Yeah so I didn't lose my house or anything but definitely lost a few chances to clock out at a higher level like a lot of other people. Ultimately I'm done here with 66% less than I could have done. Lucky for me I had some leftover bitcoin from a transaction 2 years ago so I am still up 30x what I had 2 years ago in BTC.

If the market ever swings up I'll probably hop back in but for now its just too unstable.
Jesus take the wheel
Is this massive drop because of people in China cashing out to pay for the big 2 week Chinese New Year vacations?
I’m starting to suspect this years pattern looks nothing like the previous years and the Chinese holiday is nothing to do with it. :(
Bitcoin being bitcoin
This shawty's gettin *low*
Wtf I went to the toilet and the coin lost 300 bucks??? Omg this is too much for my nerves
My butt hole can't handle anymore of this
this is like sitting on a gambling table with a lot of strangers. am i right? :D
dont know what is worse, if selling now and waking up tomorrow at 8k or not selling and waking up tomorrow at 4k.
Bought at 2k 😁 i am hodling
Am i a boiling frog
6k wall crumbling
I’m waiting for the dip to hit $20 before I buy 
The exchanges are making a shit load of cash today
we goin under $7k
Lots of red and a lot of people eating their own dicks right now....just wait...there's always a silver lining
[deleted]
With the price per bitcoin approaching the value of mining a bitcoin (and even dipping it depending on where you mine) - what will happen? Bitcoin miners stop mining? What then?
Does anyone think this crypto slump is related to the DOW dropping? 
My only regret is that I have nothing more spare money to buy. 
Full on nose dive now.
If the Winklevoss twins panic sell now I think they could crash the market even further significantly.
5k here we come!!!!
[removed]
Wtf just happened? I drank one beer, and bitcoin lost $1000. Sorry guys, I'm drinking this 6 pack. 
The candle giveth, the candle taketh away
Watching gdax...Fishy as fuck...odd ass buy patterns...same amounts in the same increments over and over...manipulative bastards...
The hardest thing to deal with besides the crash: people saying 'I told you it would crash'...
Everyone don't worry.. someone said very strong support at $50
Strong support at 10k, 9k, 8k, 7k, 6k, 5k...
You know it's over when the talk changes from Bitcoin to 50k to it can go down lower and I will have still made money off it
Six weeks ago https://imgur.com/gallery/dmAap
Today https://imgur.com/gallery/AR2N5

I genuinely feel sick to my stomach like dry heaving I feel awful. Um about to start losing money. Wtf is going on turn back around you bastard!!


Bitcoin ain't dead but its reputation is in the fucking toilet and will stay there for many years. It finally had the world's attention and it performed like a limp dick on prom night. Pathetic. 
I`m going sleep.
I expect 19k$ on the morning.
Dont fail me guys.

IN GOD WE TRUST
USD is backed by the credit of the US govt which is backed by its ability to tax, which is a function of GDP. Similarly for Yen, Euro or Yuan. 

Gold is the only quasi currency that is not backed by someone’s balance sheet. It is perceived valuable. It took gold thousands of years to get there. And gold doesn’t have a substitute. Alchemists have tried to make gold in labs but failed. 

‘Bitcon’ is not backed by anybody’s balance sheet. It is backed by perception but unlike gold there are lots of substitutes floating around. Its value is therefore a mirage. Long way to go before it stabilizes. It will keep falling 
Entering anxiety phase.  Still to come: 

denial

panic

capitulation 

and the long bitter tail of anger and depression. 

Long ways to go yet.  

https://imgur.com/a/004v7
That 7k wall came down harder than Brandin Cooks
Has the hype died down for bitcoin? 
It's been fun. Gonna take my $2000 I made over the pst 4 months and buy a nice dinner. 
I remember when I thought the people calling it a bubble were idiots. Guess i'm the idiot. Whatever can't do anything but hodl now I guess. 
Its OFFICIAL
THIS IS THE  2ND WORST CRASH
AFTER MT GOX!!!

or on its way to THE worst crash in crypto history 
lol
Reuters saying that SEC open to federal regulation for crypto.  only see headline though, no story
I am actually pleasantly surprised that no exchanges have collapsed, I would imagine a lot of money is getting withdrawn from them.
http://i.imgur.com/bHc9fPx.gifv

I am really trying to hodl
well back down the shit hole
Run...
*silent screaming*

Maybe if we all put together the last few dollars from moms purse we can make a bull run.
6500 had less resistance than 7k. how long till 6 is the question. Guesses?
Price will bounce back to bull at 6200. You're welcome. 
I'm not seeing despair yet, so this isn't the bottom
Until all lose hope then we will see a bottom

Too many people with hope here
Only sugar walls left on the way down
Are we puking in our shoes yet?
[deleted]
6K gone. The 7k meme was posted only 11 hours back.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7vgl8f/the_best_thing_about_this_crash_is_that_we_can/

Who is selling these many bitcoins. Satoshi Mayo or that FB brothers?
And there it is, that 6k wall fell instantly
*Bitcoin hits 18k*
“I wish I got bitcoin when it was at 7k”
*Bitcoin drops to 6k*
“Bitcoin is crashing. I’m getting out.”
30% in 24 hours, like what the actual f
Pump and dump groups are trying to get a bit more out it looks like...
It's amazing how quickly people forget the 2008 financial crisis, and why it is that Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies popped up to begin with. Remember the genesis block, "The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks". History repeats itself, and people may need yet another financial crisis to be reminded why a universal, censorship-resistant currency is so valuable. It's easy to dump crypto and to shun even the oft-criticized BTC when the economy is ramping up; but wait until there is a downturn, suddenly BTC and crypto won't seem too bad a pick against government-issued currencies.
This just confirms btc is nothing more than a play bal for manipulators pumping and dumping the price hundreds a minute to sell a second later for profit.....
[deleted]
Did you guys read this? Testimonies and what they want to talk about ? I dont see anything bad for cyrpto in general but good things in here.

https://www.banking.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/hearings?ID=D8EC44B1-F141-4778-A042-584E0F3B9D39
Comment here if you bought at 19k so we can cry together
Alright folks we were all royally bamboozled with these crypto shenanigans. Time to pack the bags boys. Tis was a silly endeavour.
Just give me this L 
Touching 7100
What's speculation of tomorrow's SEC meeting? Good or Bad 
Has anyone even bought a big ticket item (>$10K) with their Bitcoin profits?   

I have never seen a post from someone saying they bought a car or a boat with profits they made from bitcoin.
Battlebots
I keep having to update my price alerts.
lol this shit is like a rollercoaster, holly fuck
Man the scalpers on GDAX playing those buyers every bounce. So predictable too, up down up down and repeat until they're satisfied and the bottom opens again.
I bought in at 17k. I wonder if I'll ever see that number again.
Can this be related?
https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=NASDAQ%3ANVDA&oq=NASDAQ%3ANVDA&aqs=chrome..69i57j69i58.885j0j4
Guys, coinbase is adopting segwit in a few weeks, lightning main net hit 500 nodes and growing exponentially doesn’t that mean that Bitcoin is going back to being fast and cheap? This itself should make the next wave bigger right?
Buy the dip?
that only green candle is when sellers went to the bathroom.
Isn't the breakeven mark for profitability for miners at ~$5k? What happens if it goes below that? Will some stop mining? Mine and hodl?
6080 - that last wall was made out of candy floss.
Jesus fucking Christ 
Below 6k has just been reached. I thought 6k would hold. Have friends who lost 10k plus so far.
Holy shit! This is insane.
and here comes a pump! 

I’m enjoying this more than the game last night 


up by $400 in like a min, its like ping pong
So...$5.9k was a pretty common buy trigger
Hell yeah! Let's keep 6k, hodl on!
This volume is pretty nuts. Has the potential for massive moves in either direction right now... I bought all the way down and as usual missed the real bottom cause I'm out of money. Just want it to spike a bit before I go to bed so I can sleep slightly easier.
I don't think she's done yet lads
Finally I could breathe. Filling up my lungs before the next dive.
I think I'm going to start phasing in some buys. I think we hit the bottom.
It's like when I see the moon through binoculars.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgPlmLWNHUI
Tough times. Even if it gets worse - and a full
 on crash is looking quite likely IMO - remember what's important - if you've got your health, family or a partner to love and still some savings then you have much to be grateful for! 
Lol, these threads will be studied by psychologists and economists for a long time. I just can't believe some of the crazy stuff I am seeing here. Literally is probably similar psychology to people drinking the cyanide-laced Kool-Aid, and wholly irrational. "Well, I'm in this far, better keep going, people are telling me this will lead to a good outcome because of their experiences" 

Seriously, if you really are one of those "I want to own as many coins as possible" people, just create a Bitmex account and start shorting BTC now, then you can have more when this is done. 

If you are one of those "shit, I lost a ton of $$$ in BTC" people, then try some leveraged trading and play the 15 min BB and other indicators to dig your way out. 

This market is ripe to short and swing trade right now. For many of us, it is basically the same feeling you guys had when BTC went from 8k to 20k.
when you have faith in bitcoin but you have invested past the point that you should..
Expecting ~4600.
haha please keep selling. dummies , make me billionaire in couple months :D
## Moon Math Update

Despite what seems to be universally negative sentiment the moon math update is positive and may help you feel better about the price.

Synopsis and links:

* http://moonmath.win
* The outlook since Friday
* LocalBitcoin Weekly Volume Moon Math Table
* Full discussion thread and partial tables: https://www.reddit.com/r/SatoshisPalace/comments/7vjsj4/moon_math_update_20180205/

haha dont worry guys its just the dip! invested in bitcoin at 18k and im an EXPERT when it comes to all things crypto currencies, trust me i know what im talking about
Bought in at $7.5k (ish) late 2017 and when it hit nearly 20k I held. Greed I guess but it felt so bullish until I noticed the mainstream media attention and coverage, and your average Joe talking about it. Then Bloomberg covering it constantly made me feel like we were being set up for being made and example of.... then futures arrived which worried me but still held. 

Watching it crash over Christmas with my Dad and telling him we should hold this is normal... but a few days ago it dropped close to our initial substantial investment. So we sold and hedged. But ready to buy back in once we feel that bottom has been hit as we know it will bounce back and it just felt like a sensible move to cash out and hedge in USD until buying feels right again.

Back in the early(ish) days invested $2k at $150 ish p/BTC then panic sold at $580 when it stared crashing. At least I made profit. I remember when it was $15 and when it hit 60 we were like wtf is going on. I was tipping mates 3,4,5 BTC lol.

Bitcoin will bounce back. I think it’s being manipulated by Wall Street, the media and hedge funds. 

Long live bitcoin. 
2 choices: 

* sell now at $6200
* sell later at a much lower price
I've only invested what I am totally comfortable in loosing I also took profits at 18K and BTC has purchased two tickets to NY for my wife and I ( We from UK ) I also mine my BTC. I will be buying a small amount again now and will HODL. I have taken advice and researched like hell when I first started and this is why I think I ended up in the good place I am in now. If you bought in at 19K may God bless you lol. Maybe sell and buy back in when it raches like $5K which it probably will IMO. To be honest I'm just a mechanic WTF do I know? I knew this was a gamble and I have faired well from it. I will HODL with the rest of my brave soldiers and can only hope we crawl out of this dark wet trench and onto the steps that will take us to the moon in like a couple months? IDFK it was fun as hell and I will sink with this ship.

[deleted]
I put $2000 in when the price was 15k lol.... I have no choice but to hold lol. I understand there is some chance I may never profit from this even if I hold for years.
The rich are just getting richer right now from the weak.  Sucks to see your money go down the shitter, but if you don't know what you're doing when it comes to day trading just wait it out.  
Hope it goes below 1k so i can join the club finally
LOL
What's causing the drop?
Korean’s price is back to exceeding. What does it mean?
ayy lmao
Breadapp just launched international bitcoin purchases with credit card: High limits. Same-day delivery.
I do believe btc will recover past 10k. The scary thing is when, I hope it doesn't take 2 years
Break 7k and we gone
Here comes the lipstick..... 
When is the big thing with the SEC happening tomorrow?
More pain tonight tomorrow morning as Asian markets continue to sell. But, I think a bounce comes tomorrow afternoon. What will it be bouncing off of? My guess: $5500ish. 
here we go again. just when we thought she was done
Now the Koreans will panic and drive down crypto a lot more 
Unless there is a persuasive fundamental reason for the current dip, its just a dip. 
new lows here we come!!!!
anytime that a green candle try to grow up it turns red everything :(
Anyone else see the 1.3million buy wall on Binance?
You guys wanna bet? Which one is more likely this year: DOW to 16k or bitcoin passing 20k again ?
Another wall broke. Fuck.
In the 5ish in a few minutes
big players are about to solidify their territory on btc island. time to see if ya'll are real holders or not
oh boy
6100 down like it was nothing.
6k wall melted in under a second
There it is boys, 6k in the rearview
Who is selling these many bitcoins. Satoshi Mayo or that FB brothers?

Is there a way to find, how many bitcoins were sold in each of the last 7 days?
Is there a way to find how many bitcoins were sold at market prices (not limit prices) over the last few days?

Wonder at what point the early adopters will start selling - break even?
The dead cat has bounced a lot today. Break into 6, jump back to 7, stay at 6.5 for a while, fall into 5, jump back into 6...  

Wonder what’s gonna happen next /s
Dead cat bouncing perhaps. We'll see, but I'm not going back in just yet.
that''s it. we hit 5k and we saw the anticipated spike but.. you can't stop the red lord
Man that volume on gdax is crazy
Let that be the bottom. Hodl God. I will hodl this to the fucking end. Please.
I'm still sitting waiting to re-buy, which will probably come back to bite me in the ass
I'm up way too late watching this
Another 6k rally. Maybe there is support at 6k? Have we overestimated the fall?
At this point, I might sell, even with my 50% loss. It totally sucks. I also believe that we'll make a full recovery, just not for a long while. Once we hit that bottom, when it truly can't go much lower, then it's time to reinvest. 
This is the .com bubble all over again.

For those who invested during the .com bubble we could see this bitcoin dump a mile away.
We've been duped. From 'just hodl' Charlie Lee who sold right around at ATH, to gdax performing maintenance just before the crash. Tether and bca$$h playing with their pawns. The game is rigged and those in the know jumped ship before the shit hit the fan. Even Dimon knew it was a fraud, those annoying fud bubble graphs and Warren Buffet warnings were also spot on. Bitconnect timed their exit scam perfectly didn't they. McAfee has your money and won't be eating his dick, sorry.
I will be buying when price hits below $1,000

I was hoping that would be this summer but at this rate we could be there by next week 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Reading a non crypto sub now is so weird. Don't they know the world is ending? 
Moment of silence for the guy that sold his bags at 6051 
:(..................
Based on my data, I'm seeing a hard bottom at around $130-$150 from there it would trigger a fibunachi theorized back-door paradigm shift and from there it could go up to like 13 or 14k within a matters of days. 
Burn it down.
Well played Ver / Armstrong / Bitfinex
[deleted]
After everything calms down in the near future we will all be thankful that shitcoin cash will be extinct. It got hammered badly, they started this attack 
Dont be to excited. The price dropped from 9,5k to 6,5 in 2 days
lol I keep pussy out on buying the dips
I just sold all my Bitcoin because I'm confident I can buy more for less later and I'm also confident it will someday be worth much more than 20k.
why so many of the "told you so" people come here just to say told you so. btc literally crashes all the time. this isn't even the big one and its getting so much publicity this year from the rise was round one of going mainstream, and the crash is round 2 of getting into public eyes. now that everyone has heard about it, many have learned how to buy it, next time it goes up 20% its going TO THE MOON!
[deleted]
Total destruction. 

Under $7k now.

$999 in the next 12 months.
This is what happens when you treat currency like a stock rather than, you know, a currency
We are at november ATH.

It tooks 1 month from november to december to reach 19k from this.

So We need to wait 1 month. NO problem.

:P
WE HAVE A SOLID WALL AT 5.5K BOYS HODL HODL HODL lmao idiots
Trying not to panic sell. Barely in profit now. Kicking myself at the missed opportunities to sell high and rebuy back in at a lower price. Feel like hodling just for the masochism of it now.
its over
I'M SELFISH, IMPATIENT, AND A LITTLE INSECURE. I MAKE MISTAKES, I AM OUT OF CONTROL AND AT TIMES HARD TO HANDLE

BUT IF YOU CAN'T HANDLE ME AT FUD, THEN YOU SURE AS HELL DON'T DESERVE ME AT LAMBO.
Bitcoin is the biggest pump and dump in history of investing.
I think I got a lucky glitch. I just checked my binance account and I’ve still got the same amount of bitcoin as before the crash. Haven’t lost a thing.
[Not a good day for McAfee](https://diegorod.github.io/WillMcAfeeEatHisOwnDick/)
it better hold the $7k level today.

if not it could get slaughtered tonight when Asia sees the blood.  We could see $5999 while we sleep
[deleted]
What will happen if the value drops to the point that it is no longer profitable to mine?
Can't wait for that guy to eat his cock.

What year did he say he was going to do it?
Leave now before you lose too much on withdrawal fees. 
Nice support around 6500
You guys should get out of the daily more often. You'd see that the SEC has a bullish look on crypto. For now all crypto is "tethered" to BTC. Down the line, sure, they come up with a FedCoin. But for now this is good news for BTC, expect a surge fueled by FOMO. It will look similar to crash except going in the opposite direction. Stock up boys.
Im back in the game! I cashed out after making a thousand bucks my first time around. I was messing around with alt coins too much, i couldve made more just holding on to bitcoin.


So now im buying back in, bitcoin only. Gonna be hectic for awhile but i have faith and patience. Good luck and stop selling you idiots
The gdax bitcoin vol was 39 earlier today now its  almost 70. The buy orders are clearly larger than the sell orders. Can someone explain why price is still going down?
$4500 by 9AM eastern time tomorrow.
New here. Why do you guys write HODL instead of HOLD?
Goodbye bitcoin, i made some money out of you and now i am loosing all the profit i made

Sooo glad that i took out my initial investment at 18k
Mid Oct: It is my birthday, let me try this bitcoin thing.

Early Nov: shit, I have lost like 500 euros, out of a 2K investement, shall I go out? No, it will definitely go up, put some more

Mid Nov: Mmm, I have gained like 3K euros out of a 5K investement, that is almost double! Yeeha, put some more!

Mid Dec: Wow, I have gained liked 26k out of around 10K investement! 50K, 50K, 50K! Next year I am gonna get a lasik surgery,  probably a hair transplant in Turkey to take care of my balding head, and I will still have some good 5-10K left. I love life!

Mid Jan: WTF? I am now only 5K+, should I go out before it it's too late?

Now: I am at -9K, out of a total of 28K investement. That is around 33% loss. Shall I take my 19K out and accept my defeat and leave or wait a bit, risking to lose it all?

I know I am not gonna take your advice, because I asked when I was still 5K+ and didn't do anything, actually even tried a little bit of day trading that dragged me down further. So just talking to myself, like any normal crazy person....
Big whales with inside info regarding the positive outcome of the SEC's statement are buying bulk right now.
Nothing but FUD here now.  I’d say we are close to the despair phase.  We went from 50/50 positive / negative comment ratio to about 90/10 negative.  Good job guys, we are about there.  👊🏻
I've been here since June and made some nice profits, started with 4 figures, reached 6 figures at peak...But I just sold everything a few minutes ago. This is no dip, it's a full on bubble crash, and most likely going to 2K during the despair phase, to return to a mean of 4K. 

If I'm wrong no problem, after the market rebounds and prices stabilise, I'm getting back in. But right now I exited while I still have a decent profit.

That's my advice...If you're debating what to do, You can get out, and if the market rebounds, no problem, we get back in. But why stay in when it's in free fall and it can easily go to 2K?
I warned some of you 5 days ago.
The post again if I can save some of you:

Hey Einstein,

That is not a meme but observation of market psychology during every bubble. This bubble is no different than any other in history and is “becoming true”.

Next:

Negative headlines (people loosing their homes etc)

All the negative news drives the price below $10,000 which deters any new “investors”. No more greater fools can be found (market is saturated).

People who invested November onwards panicking (“I just want my money back. What was I thinking”). People who invested pre-November are getting out (“I havent profited but did not loose either”)

Another major price drops as selling accelerates and no floor is found until $800-$1000

Traders try to drive up the price again, post $1000 (just like post $10,000)

Price goes up to $1500-$2000 (some people see opportunity again)

Price steadly declines over a year period to sub $100.

A year later, bitcoin was something people did in 2017-2018. Lessons learned. New pump and dump is found and Bitcoin becomes history.

All the writing is in front of your eyes and you CHOOSE to lose.
Can bitcoin's price drop beyon what it costs to mine one? Wouldn't that mean it is economically not viable to mine, thus causing collapse?
Anyone here?
Any ETA as to when Core will be released with Segwit address support in the GUI?
Will bitcoin go under 7k?

Looks like a great battle at 7k. LMFAO
What are your thoughts on selling (a lot of) Bitcoin on Binance for Tether and re-buying at lower prices in a few days. As opposed to selling for USD on an American-based exchange and re-buying. Critique?
freefallin!
I almost shorted my position yesterday at 8200. Hindsight is 2020. I don't think the bottom is in, but I don't wanna get rekt.
Just withdrew all my BTC and ETH from Coinbase and deposited it into Binance. For some reason Coinbase is not letting me buy anything anymore without ID verification, before I was just buying using my debit account. I don't have a driver's license, a province ID or a passport.

What do you use to buy Bitcoin? I need something new that I can use to buy more on the dip today.
Lets Call this era "The Reset Button~"
fuck, I needed that mini rise to profit. Was afraid the shit would continue crashing and I would have to take a loss.
dead cat :(
https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/4c2krd/hold_my_beer_and_watch_this/

I wonder how many people had to change their lambo plans for this baby.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ummm... why does today’s dip in the stock marcket so closely resemble the dip in the price of BTC? Including the crash just before 3 and the reversal? 
asia is waking up, and there panicking!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSUIQgEVDM4
anyone missing 10k?.
Remember when bitcoin was super stable for 3 years around 400-700. Good times
So i have around 25 canadian in quadriga from selling my bitcoin would i need to verify my account and then fund it with another 25 so i can get my money?
Who had $6500 in the pool because that's a hit as of now.
[removed]
Are CME contracts the one driving the prices down? How do people make money out of this?
double bottom?
[deleted]
what a nice green candle...oh wait, its red again.
Hoping it crashes to 1k, i'll probs buy back in at around that price.
I am a noob, I want to get in later this year. Someone said to get verified by an exchange to save time which I will do but...

Why should I pick one exchange over another if I see for example BTCC is around 9k vs someone like bitfinex for around 6K? Can you move coins between exchanges and make money that way too?
Looks like 6250 is the current line in the sand
Anybody knows where to watch SEC hearing on crypto tomorrow? Thanks!
lol people acting like there's no tomorrow in here.
6200 COLLAPSING
BITSTAMP HAS FALLEN
How fast do you think she'll fall if she pushes through 6?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5nyQmaq4k4
Fasten your seatbelts, Gentlemens!
gemini is still holding 6k
Below 6K now.   Dip might be over here so buy some before it reaches $5,000 and wait for the rebound
all the world markets are down, we couldn't expect bitcoin to be any different
FUCK WARREN BUFFET.  HE DID THIS!!
I want off Mr. Bones Wild Ride
check gdax charts
yuge green candle
Now I can fall asleep without worrying I’ll miss 4.5k! But I’m nervous to leave this unsupervised for six hours ._.
BUY BUY BUY!!
Some people prob made a quick 10% 
Anyone shorting? Regardless of whether or not you're HODLing, I'm thinking short-selling could be an opportunity to make a bit back in the near future, or even to get more bitcoin.
Bought 3g at 7300, but since it is my first buy I won't have the money in coinbase till Saturday, so pretty much just watching this parade/horror from the sideline. Also added 3G into gdax but won't be available till tomorrow............ watching this parade/horror from the sideline.
Still HODLing my 7BTC but I feel stupid. I better sold at $10k and buy back now. Or how low will it go? :/
Some of those crypto prices look like a bargain.
Anyone else feel like they'll be the only person left holding bitcoin when this is over? It can't sustain any upward movement at all because literally everyone is selling.
hrm... bottom found?:/

Futures has brought nothing but manipulation to centralized unregulated exchanges.  

Futures gots to go. Fuck wallstreet.
[deleted]
So tired of all my friends telling me "I told you so" when I told them to buy at 2.8k last year. 

I'm sure it'll go back up and I'm still in the green, but god it hurts 
Just deposited 2k to kraken and will do another 3k tomorrow, should be able to afford an entire coin by then.  Buy bitcoin, save the fucking world.
Price just jumped $600 in about 30 minutes.
I called this 3 weeks ago, nobody listened and I was just banned. Mods are complicit in this, if you lost money, blame the mods here for manufacturing fake positive sentiment by banning anyone who was bearish a few weeks ago.
Things look bad now, but blockchain and cryptos are here to stay. It's ironic it's tumbling based on rumors of an SEC crackdown and a Chinese crackdown since the whole point of cryptos is decentralized currencies without the management of a central bank (if the crypto is designed that way). I'm not selling for shit!! I'm prepared to watch this go all the way to $0 as I bought in knowing full well it could easily tumble to that. If I lose it all, I'm ok. I'm still in on Cryptos. 
[deleted]
I've been out of the grid for a week and it's almost 40% down. Is it really crashing now? Or is the market being manipulated? I have 0,51 BTC. Idk I guess HODL 'till worthless.
were gonna see some magic soon 
tbh bitcoins looks dirt cheap right now but will probably get even cheaper later
Commented this below, but I bought in at 11.9k, then again at 9.8k to round that out to 11.3k. I'm planning on putting in more if it reaches 6k (or maybe 6.5k) which would put it at 10.3-10.4 overall, and then I'm done honestly. Unless it surge crashes.

But I will feel comfortable with my meager investment at around 10k, because I have a lot of faith that it'll get higher than that in a year or two once again. I'm a beginner into this so I'm probably just an optimist, but I'm keeping my investment at exactly what I can afford and nothing more, so I'm not worried.

Thoughts? 
im getting ready to unload guys..ty for the weak hands


Just remember that the underlying technology and other DLT projects are only beginning to develop their ideas and strategies for the future. It takes years and years of testing to get best quality out of your project. The only reason why it's so speculative now is because we now have the internet at our exposure and can gather info much faster than we could in the 90's during the dot.com phase. Plus people want to get rich quick. 
The best projects will give the best opportunity to investors and many will die too. Projects that can scale and save economies Billions will thrive. I also think when the general public start to USE the technology, we might see another bubble and then stability. 
The best option is to accumulate and not sell and stay out unless you've made a decent profit. If you sell at a loss and don't come back in then that's a hefty fine you have to pay. 

Just be aware that lots of crypto investors are also trading traditional stocks, and US markets are seeing some record setting losses, driven by fear that the fed may raise interest rates. When that happens, people tend to get out of risky investments and into more conservative securities like bonds.
I bought btc at 16000 with the main purpose of buying an item that I really really need, then it kept going up so I held. Then it started crashing so I held. Now its almost the deadline and I need this item before the 15th. Even with all I have left in my wallet I can't cover the cost of the item. I can't make money right now due to the worst timing possible. The question is should I sell what I have or hold until the day before the 15th and see what happens?
Asia's turn to P A N I C
Im new to investing and bought a bunch at 7k and SOMEHOW IM GETTING BURNT. AHHHHHHH!!!!!!!😱😨😨😥😱😰😰😓😓😓😓😰😱😱
Can we just ban Asia, please?  The government manipulation has been going on for years now.
Across the charts and currencies. I'm not one for conspiracy theories, but this looks...orchestrated.
What are y'all listening to during the crash? I'm listening to "I PUSH MY FINGERS INTO MY" by Slipknot!
This is definitely the bottom or I’ll eat my own dick.
[deleted]
Update based on today's events:  

https://imgur.com/QohZldI

It's full on anxiety now.  When you see some faux floors, some mini-rallies that fizzle out, some dead cat bounces - it'll be denial.

That will eventually give way to panic and a final sell off in capitulation.  That will come on fast - sort, quick and painful  before the long depressing drag across the bottom.  
Cryptocurrency may have a future. Bitcoin is finished though. It will be a long time before most people trust bitcoin enough to put their money into it again, if ever. If you don't have trust, you don't have a viable currency. Get out while you still have enough money to eat and pay rent. Don't let the whales take everything you have.
[deleted]
It is good that btc is facing this turmoil and bearish trend, it helps to get rid of noobs and those wanna be rich, and just purge the  ecosystem where only those really eager to learn blockchain, to support the technologies, to advance with investigation fostering a milestone to humanity to evolve into a new dimension in terms of IT.    Certainly btc and the blockchain are not a scam under no point of view, but are those who tried to take advantage of those who ignore the blockchain. Precisely that kind of people are getting their lesson in one way or another. BTC it is a before and after in crypto science and did an amazing job to this generation, as it was before with the first tv signal, or the first radio signal. BTC to the infinite and beyond.
Stay positive. Spread memes. It's only money.
Please hodler, I mean bag holders, stay strong so we can quit without much losses! 
rael hodlers never dei
fuck that, I'm just going to sleep, hoping my sell order will go through. There's no way this shit can drop another 20%.
[removed]
Dropping so hard. Bought at 17k. Still HODL. 
Sub 1k here we come! 
Bought in at 17k, saw prices rise and fall to 12k...went on vacation, came back and sold everything today at 7,200

Shit happens, spent 10k originally but it was money I could afford to lose. Maybe i'll try buying at a dip and selling at a slightly higher price to recoup some losses...just seems like the dip is never ending right now though lol
instead of lambos im looking for some good lada.
Strap in boys and hodl tight, I’m firing this rocket ship back up and we’re heading to the moon.
Funny. We crashed to mid novembers all time high 2017. 

Calm down and know what you signed up for when you invest in crypto.
Pack it up boys, it's over. Get out while you're still ahead
In all seriousness, I think MSM/Banksters wanted to devalue bitcoin a bit and spread fud. They didn't want to kill it but they accidentally may have. As i've said, based on quadratic fibunachi spreads and interpolative analysis, a fully supported bottom of about $130-$150 seems to be almost a certainty. From there 11-14k within a matter of days, based on all this data.
LOL. r/Bitcoin harasses, bullies 16 year old girl for working on a collab dev project, where the other person who helped agreed to give her credit, and she already said she had help. Highly upvoted post compares her to "hot girl in class." Subs like this are why you don't see girl coders.
Who cares if it breaks through 7k...  
not sure what's worse, The Stock market or Crypto.  Stocks have definitely peaked imo.  
HODL me
> All around me are familiar faces (redditors)

> Worn out places (FUD posts), worn out faces (hodlers)

> Bright and early for their daily races (to the moon)

> Going nowhere, going nowhere (dipping)

> Their tears are filling up their glasses

> No expression, no expression

> Hide my head, I want to drown my sorrow

> No tomorrow, no tomorrow

Last 4 lines is how I feel.
Fuck you roger ver, and fuck you brian armstrong!
Lloyds bank and virgin money bans buying bitcoin thru their credit and debit cards fearing the crypto value fall .

----source bbc uk
Going down....

BTC Like to sing britney :
"oops I did it again"

Trying not to panic too much yet. If it at least can get back up to about 8K, I at least have a profit. Selling right now at a loss seems like not the smartest move...
I’m staying on the ship.
hide your kids, hide your wives and husbands. they be rapin everybody out here
Is the money going out, or is it waiting on the sidelines to come back in? I think the majority of sellers are waiting to buy back in and if most of them have this mentality the market cap will eventually rise back to where it was. The money doesn’t just disappear. 
6200 battle is intense in gdax-
Someone make it stop!!!! Make it fucking stop!!
6200 wall is down.
damn rip to ppl who’s stop losses just triggered 
This is the bottom.  Jamie Dimon bailing his daughter out along with the stock market.
Look~ I don't want to be dat guy but ~

I told you so!! 
you guys are worried that btc is going down? imagine if you were holding shitcoins, most of them are reaching -30% and -40% decrease in the last 24h..now that's fucked up.
DUMP ALL USD INVESTMENTS, PUT IT INTO CRYPTS 👍👍
I only bought $300 worth of BTC for the sole purpose of buying a product, and now it's worth less, whatever, no reason to panic, I'll just have to wait longer.
7000 support is rael. HODL!
Crypto is falling. Fiat stays strong. There is no hope of escape. We are trapped.
[deleted]
the legacy financial system is going to shit because its all junk. meanwhile btc is as sound as ever there is not even bad news and its tanking hard. please stop selling your btc when there is nothing wrong.
As long as it stays above 1.5k suicide won't be on the table.

if it gets below that though..
[removed]
RIP bitcoin/possibly crypto in general.
Just bought my two Bitcoin back. Very glad I was able to better my BTC Position after losing Satoshis while holding alts October through November.

Bumby Road ahead, but I always wore my Seatbelt
Finally 1 BTC = 1 BTC, Took long enough. 

Ohh it's too bad it took 1 btc = 0 usd to get there. 
**2009**

>the bitcoin whitepaper is published


>author(s) remain anonymous, the reasons are unclear but I assume their intentions were pure


**2010-2013**:

>the use case is found, vendors on the dark web accept bitcoin so degenerates around the world feel more comfortable illiciting their services

>whales begin roaming the oceans

>the currency gradually and organically gains value, the price of knock of adderrall comes down from 1,000s to hundreds to mere dozens of bitcoins

**2014-2015**:


>TOR is compromised, the “”untraceable browser”” is revealed to be a honeypot for the FBI


>THE bitcoin exchange is exposed as a fraud and closes its operations


>use case is gone, price is steadily declining, the interational human and drug traffickers are beginning to become left with nothing to show for years worth of sales.


**2016**:


>other exchanges open to fill the void left from Mt Gox


>the lower the liquidity the easier a market is to manipulate, those wth tens of thousands of accumulated cheap bitcoins can draw the graphs however they want by selling to themselves


>write some 2nd grade level TA on it with a perfectly rounded bottom, then higher highs and higher lows with volume building 

>once it breaks the price level it was at pre Gox blow up they don’t have to do the lifting anymore people start piling on


**2017**:

>snowball begins rolling downhill faster than anyone anticipated


>big money investors who trade futures on the CME get wind of btc will be on there way before the news is public, wall street loves a good pump n dump



>whales sell out, the plan work better than anyone could’ve ever imagined, johnny and salley come lately are buying their coins from the for 5-20k a piece


>futures launch, “wall street” guys who casually bought 100k worth earlier in the year go short on the futures and dump their btc

been saying this since last november
[deleted]
I'm willing to buy @ 1BTC per 100USD. PM me if interested.
I'm only tossing this out there because there seems to be a lot of fear and I want to present a contrarian perspective. As always, don't forget: if you haven't sold, you haven't lost anything because 1BTC is still 1BTC.

I am comfortable with USD/BTC exchange rates at these levels and am buying (DCA) starting today and running 7-10 days or so. The BTC/USD exchange rate may go down a little more, but I believe that this correction is still just shaking out the overly-exuberant speculators. There is a real 'user' base reflected in the BTC market cap: folks who are actually buying BTC as a savings account because they don't have access to traditional banking services or are using it for payments because they don't have access to a more stable/useable currency. My firm estimates that 'users' component of the BTC market cap, with an added $10B of hard-core HODL'rs to be about $100B. Based on a circulation of 14.7m BTC, we think $6-7k USD/BTC should be a floor based on fundamentals (to the extent we ultimately know what the full set of fundamental KPI are), and dips below this point represent over-correction.

This isn't investing advice and you always have to make up your own mind about how and when to invest. If you believe that BTC is facing new opportunities because it has made/is making significant technical advances (SegWit, Lightning fees/Tx times falling) or market advances (more potential users with accounts, consumer mind-share, regulatory progress, major new entrants like Samsung) that aren't priced in yet, you should look toward the end of this year for some solid growth above the current valuation. We believe that there will be more users as the year progresses and more legitimate service providers/retailers supporting Bitcoin as an option. If you also believe this and you don't need your investment back immediately, selling now only locks in losses. If you believe that BTC will dip further and want to take a risk on buying back in at the absolute bottom before the bounce, you can certainly try. Timing those things is really, really hard.

I bought in at 9500..... should i sell now to minimize loss or wait? I dont have much time will have to cash out in 2 weeks regardless.....have to pay money back.
Funny thing is that people panic but we could very well say hello to 10k again within a matter of hours...it's the way of the beast
I wish we could all just settle up and the guys that made money give back the profit to the guys that lost money. :(
Guys! Seriously! BTC is on sale today! Who could dream of these prices a month ago? ;)
All of you 6k guys are full of shit. Nobody knows the price. Now  you can suck my dick
I am fairly new to bitcoin and crypto and have just been gathering information before I buy in. What wallet do you recommend for beginners? 
7k eaten up hard...
What is your opinion for the minimum? 7k? 5k? 3k? 1k?

Edit: I know, nobody knows, but you can guess ;-)
Can someone explain to me why different exchanges have different prices? And what exchange do platforms like bittylicious use?
I need some hope right now, lost about half of my money that I invested in bitcoin and other cryptos. Is there any hope we see a bounce back by the end of February? How much lower must the price go?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VcnYv5LzyE&feature=push-u-sub&attr_tag=KgrdD_z3S4wEDoMJ-6
Are expectations and fear of coming SEC hearing drive prices so much down or there are any other news?
Do you think it is safe to keep $$$ in CoinBase or should I withdraw it at this point?
Not sure I still want to invest
Does the amount of BTC transferred affect transaction times? E.g. would 1 BTC transferred from Ledger Nano arrive to an exchange faster than 30 BTC?
Whales puttin cash in...
gdax is going crazy man
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/5ve17r/best_moon_gif_ever/
what if buy now? .. good choiche for a novice? (never bought bitcoins)
Just sold all my btc, had to cut losses. Confident that I'll be able to buy for lower in the near future.
why is it still falling ?
like in horror movies.
every 3 hours it starts dropping, and then I am like "oh no, there it goes again"
Faya and Brimstone guys. Here we go!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Very strong support around 6,500. Have we hit bottom? 
while the bitcoin market is falling i found a way to double my bitcoins through blockchain :) :) thanks to blockchaincorp.net
GUYS -  Crypto Exists because it is something. It has become a CULTURAL TREND.  The market cap almost hit 1TRILLION.  The SMARTEST fucking computer engineers and programmers are 100% focused on developing this into an entire new economy.  An economy that is different from the current rules that this economy runs on.  Everybody thinks it has no intrinsic value but wtf this is TECHNOLOGY - breakthroughs in computer science.  Something is there.  It is worth 1 Trillion  
I bought btc at 18k I thought I could afford it even if I lost the money at this point. But recently I have been diagnosed a very serious condition, should I sell now or keep holding? I don’t have much time and I’m really scared shouldn’t have got myself into this I guess. If I Just asking for advice no hate please :( also accepting donations if anyone is willing but I do not expect only am greatful. Here’s my adress 1EKoYDJ76sJFSmaS1M9tmppiQV4aSZufd7
As a (very) left-wing Economist I had v high hopes that Crypto would start an alternative decentralised payment system outside the failed debt-based central banking system, free at the point of use, and would render the current financial system redundant (which it already is for all but those who produce the money). Sadly, the financial establishment has inevitably stamped on the flower that was growing through the cracks in the dystopian concrete. I'm sad - not just bc I lost some $$$$$ - to hell with my money! - I'm sad bc I feel like all the sellers missed the point. We were supposed to hold (or HLOD if you prefer) not bc we wanted to make a quick buck, but bc this innovation represented so much more. It was: Freedom from debt-based slavery. Hope that we could overcome our financial masters. And Belief that we could take back control of our lives.  Feel free to post words of encouragement or irreverent sarcasm...if we don't buy and HLOD, we are truly our Masters Keepers!
Plan is to buy hard once the senate starts speaking, the moment SEC opens their mouth. 
people dont get tired of selling?, red, red and more red.

do some social life and stop selling!!!
Rejoice!

This crash will clear out the trash.

Who are the trash: the crap coins. Coinmarketcap shows over 30 coins and tokens added to the list in the last week, making over 1200 in total. 

Darwin is coming for the crap coins! Bwhaaahaaaa!
Hey guys, I created a segwit wallet on Elecrum 3.0.6 and both exchanges I use say that it is an invalid wallet address.

Anyone know why this is the case?? The wallet address starts with a bc1. One of the exchanges I use uses segwit wallets that start with 3 so I thought it would be alright. Any information would be great thanks!
I still Haven't bought in because it's more beneficial to me to rid of a payment first since it's guaranteed. However, I want to buy in probably this year. 

Trying to get knowledgeable before I do spend. Other than trial and error what has best served you for learning more specifically about crypto? 

I still regret not buying when they first offered coins cheap. Mouse was on the buy button but I didn't want to waste money at the time. Around 2013-2014 sigh.
This will teach people to screw capital gains, a 20 percent loss is doable in 1 day (or several days in a row). Set your sell price and take it.
Hmm resistance at 6500 is not to bad
First time since autumn I'm thinking about converting some ALTs for BTC... Never thought I would come back
Bad press train just getting started https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/05/technology/virtual-currency-regulation.html
How low do you guys really think this could get? Wanna know the right time to buy..
I don't understand, why people still blame "bad press" for the crash.
The price was overblown and now it's falling. very simple.

P.S. I just got call from Chuck Norris, he said, he can't help neither, about the crash and  I should call Steven Seagal
Hopefully the prices of the GPUs will come down soon too. Finally I will be able to upgrade my PC and play more games!
I will finally be able to afford one entire bitcoin!
5 1 minute green candle sticks in a row OMG
Hey, I sold every bitcoin (about 6?) I had at 21 grand because of the Korea Regulation, do you think I should buy right now or later?
How much do you think bitcoin is going to fall?
anyone else having trouble with the trezor wallet? keeps saying server busy
Red robin
Guys don't forget the days of the one dream we all shared. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7ZuMJZHz2k
How long until the Lambos go on sale? Looking for a Murcielago Spyder Manual...
what is bitcoin going to do next??!!
How are other cryptos not collapsing?
Anyone short bitcoin contracts on the cboe???
It's not just crypto...stock and everybody and their mothers is collapsing...chilling out and wait it out...go watch netflix people..tho this is entertaining...🍿
More likely to bounce back to 7k or go down to 4ish k?
Is it good time to sell as i am already losing? Is it good time to buy now?
If this falls below 3600, that will push me over. 
praying session at 01:00 ET
[deleted]
Hellllooooo?                            
Dat green candle tho (GDAX)
Asia woke up. 
Bull wick ? Edit: nope , fooled again 
Coinbase won't budge
AND GOD SAID “Let there be light” 
there was a small 0.3 K pump.
But I think it won't change anything.
pump and dump guys hard at work atm. trying to squeeze out as much profit as they can
Back to 6k but until some massive good news like selling petrol for Bitcoin don't think that last too much. 
Time to buy boys!
I really need another dip
Good time to buy now? 

Is this a good decision to invest on bitcoin now? 
What is the typical 24h volume on gdax? 82k seems awfully high, but I dont usually watch it as religiously as the last few days.
[deleted]
Might break 6k wall again

Those who short will get visited by spooky skeleton
91k 24 hour trade volume!
BTC is back, yippiii
look how stable and peaceful he is at 6.7 K on his way down
[deleted]
A faithful man will abound with blessings, but whoever hastens to be rich will not go unpunished - Proverbs 28:20
FOMO, BUY!
Where are all the "just sell and buy lower" now?
Im just accumulating.
I had a question if anyone could help me out with it.

I bought bitcoin on coinbase and also added money to gdax, however, since this is my very first time, both of those transactions are taking 3-5 days to complete, in the meantime I can only buy again with new money which I don't want to do since I already bought bitcoin and also added money to gdax.

Once the money arrives at gdax in my usd account, is that a somewhat safe place to keep the money until my ledger nano s arrives? Of course once it arrives at gdax I want to start investing, however, that "usd account" does not seem to be an actual wallet.

On coinbase it does say "bitcoin wallet" so I assume that that is a safe place to keep the bitcoins for now.
This is great! Time to get ready to buy a shitload. 
its over you should sell it all, seriously or you will lost everything,
Sorry guys, everything, at the end of the day has ponzi elements. The TOP whales are dumping the pumped up stock market as we speak. I'm not talking about Bill Gates type whales either, I'm talking bigger.
next train to 6K coming. all aboard. chooo chooo
pull your bids...or stops...let it fall...flush em out.  hodl
The shitcoins tied to bitcoin are just being shit out so please be patient and don't forget to wipe
I am hodl (for this moment) .  bought in at 250.  took profits at 17, 15 and 12.  I will get out if it goes to 5000, it will still set me up for early retirement.  buying real estate in what looks like a bear market coming.  I'd rather get monthly income from tenants than watch this crater.  Anyone wants to pair up on a couple of apartment deals in S. Florida, hit me up.  
If it goes under 6k today, I'll probably throw in ~a grand or so. 
Lol a lot of crying bichez lol 
US Dollar is king today!
[deleted]
[deleted]
I really want to puke on my shoes right now....
Those that do not hodl will be punished by God
yikes...5k in next 2,3 days seems possible
Who are the people selling? Early adopters cashing out their huge profits? Panicky people who bought at $12k-$20k to cut their losses? 
My 8000CAD (6400USD) buy order just went through. Wow.
Time to jump in or wait for 5-6.5K range? Does anyone see it dipping below 5k or even 1k? 
Is crypto following the downward trend in the stock market OR is the stock market drop being caused by crypto investors who took out credit and went in on a BTC bubble? Thoughts? 
If it is the latter this could end up being a really big deal. 
So many dumb people in here. In the super-bullish market in nov/dec there was a post pinned on this sub about that you should NOT invest what you can't afford to lose. 

That is just commons sense and applies to everything. 

I honestly feel so sad for the people that didn't listen. The few "i got a lambo/i paid off all my loanes" does not apply to everyone. If YOU would have made a profit then others would have to lose. 
Who is buying right now? For all these people selling, SOMEONE is buying. Who????
BTFD!
HODL until you be like :https://giphy.com/gifs/disgusted-vomit-team-america-1mXkH6EeAEq1q
And then keep HODLING
[deleted]
It seems to always be the case that when the general asset market corrects, the most speculative/volatile investments sell off the most. And Bitcoin, whatever its merits, is one of the most speculative investments out there. 

There will be a bounce. At least a "dead cat" bounce. Probably starting tomorrow or Wednesday if the general market settles a bit. 


How y’all didn’t fall for it 
Is this relevant.. from Coinbase.. just wondering..

SegWit compatible Bitcoin sends/receives will be available for customers in the next few weeks

https://twitter.com/coinbase/status/960656993122844673?ref_src=twcamp%5Eshare%7Ctwsrc%5Em5%7Ctwgr%5Eemail%7Ctwcon%5E7046%7Ctwterm%5E1
[deleted]
Is holding a lot of money in Tether for the next few weeks on Binance dangerous, given current events?
The Illuminati is obsessed with the number 7.  Remember that Christine Langrade IMF chief video where she talks about the Number 7?  The code word is 7k ---  buy at 7
5800 yo lucky number buy buy buy
something, something "wall of green buys" something something
To be honest, I just want invest some crypto to pay my tuition. I did last year early November, but now I start to lose money.
come on!!!!  6300 here we come!!!!

die you fucking sellers!!!!
Customers using credit cards on Coinbase: the following card issuers are now blocking purchases of digital currency with credit cards.

Chase
Bank of America
Citi
Capital One

We're encouraging affected customers to switch to debit card or bank account payment methods.
Moon?
Those sweet sugar walls
That’s the bottom 
Speed dialing my bank manager- All in!
One observation. Each time BTC reached x600(6600, 7600, 8600, and so on), the price had a very big spike up. So if you want to sell maybe watch for when it reaches 5600, maybe it will go up again. If it is like the last ones it will reach probably 6200, 6300, i do not think it will be long before going back. I cannot be sure that this will happen again, but it was pretty consistent until now. Good luck!
Who else is not fucking selling?!!!
Guys I will be honest with you, We need to united against those imperial rich greedy ppl. I believe that bitcoin was made to switch the economy and the world gap between poor and rich. Bitcoin isn't just currency or asset, its the world future and hope for our children and next generations from this financial system,Lets all unite and hold unite under bitcoin, I believe in bitcoin just because its the right way to share the wealth between people. For example bitcoin mining it allowed the people to share the working and controlling over how bitcoin is made and money.Lets create the future.

BTC hits 4k then bounces around from 10-25k before mooning all the way to 100k with everyone declaring fomo.

At this point I can only feel sympathy for those carrying fiat. I generally try to tell my coworkers about crypto but those dip is making it awkward as they try to do the "told you so" routine.
The small guy will be waiting for 5k to buy some big coin. . But the whales know this, so they'll slow down the drop and start the rise at 5.5k to keep him out.
Bank cartels trying to kill bitcoin or exchange bots run amok.
Those are my last two theories.
Hopefully we hit bottom. Tomorrow after the big crypto meeting it could rebound if it goes well. Good chance people will dump out of fear no matter what goes on though. I'm still holding a sizeable position because I want bitcoin to succeed more than I want my own business to. I own an electronic payments company and its all I do every day. 
That 600k USD buy order is holding it firm at 6200
The funny thing is I got in to BTC years ago and even though I only have 33% value in dollar terms from the peak of the bubble I still will never have to work a day for the rest of my life. I am going to go and relax on the beach in Hua Hin (Thailand) and get a nice massage later. I just don't get what you guys are so upset about.
"What do people do when they face too much bad news?"


"Umm.."


"Go into denial.. Seeing doesn't mean believing, no matter what people say. Convincing a person in denial is bloody difficult, if not impossible. Hopefully the world won't stay in denial for long, but for now lets claim the right to say *'I Told You So'*."



Just Thought I Should Leave This Quote...

We are nose diving to 6500. If support is broken there, then the almighty BTC may be on his last legs (for now). EDIT: Literally as I typed this some real buying volume finally comes in!
My thoughts on this crash:
1) BTC is definitely crashing, but so are the rest of the major crypto players. The whole market seems to be down. It remains to be seen which cryptos will survive this crash and pull through. 
2) The market downswing also means that bcash is down too. This makes me happy. 
[deleted]
BTCUSD should be getting a nice pop real soon! 
Coinbase 300% staff... waiting for layoff... this is how you burn your pizza...
Naysayers really laying it in at work...
How long does 4 confirmations take wondering since i want to sell my bitcoin on quadriga
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/innovations/wp/2016/01/19/r-i-p-bitcoin-its-time-to-move-on/?utm_term=.4684ded05ee5

RIP BITCOIN OH WAIT THIS IS FROM 16. 

I'm calling it - we hit the bottom about an hour ago. 
[deleted]
As Awful as this is., when it DOES come back. It will go up so fast that you won't be able to buy back in.  Exchanges will crash etc.  In some ways this experience is making me think my coins are even more valuable.  
[deleted]
fuck, did you guys really trade this thing without a stop loss? that's some craziness. walked out at 19k-plus with gains for a couple of new porsches. not touching this thing unless we see some real upward trends. 

I kept telling anyone who would listen to put the safety guards back on.
HOOOOOOODDDDDDDLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL that 7k! 

NOT!
I just bought some btc!:) feel like It is going down even more!:(
[deleted]
[removed]
Think of how many poor people can move their BTC out of their wallets now that it is cheaper to transact, the crash isn't that bad aye?
Stock market has been taking some hits. Inventors probably don't want too much money out there at risk and are selling positions - stock, coins
[deleted]
Bottom's breached, les go!!! 
Check bbc uk now 
IT ALL COMES TUMBLING DOWN TUMBLING DIWN TUMBLING DOWN to 5k
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fuck. It's looking more and more like it won't bottom out all that much below $6k if even at all. Was hoping to snipe a whole Bitcoin at $4-5k, but it might not happen!
I wonder how poor Harold is doing
Simpsons-stophesalreadydead.jpg
Not going to lie I could probably masturbate to completion to some big green candles right now.
Hugh big green candle ... jump to 6,400+.  Maybe the recovery is starting

Oh my days! The green flashes on GDAX! Brilliant!!!
Let there be light!!
How much longer until Asia is completely banned at the protocol level? (China/India)  This shit is seriously getting old.
Winkelvoss twins tweeted that they just cashed out for now said they will pick a spot to get back in soon.
Dow down 400 again, we should hold the 200 moving average of around 6600 i think
Elliott Wave

1. https://redd.it/7ptsg3

2. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2711461.0
I blame the new corporate tax bill, its causing confusion, btc follows USD and we all cry
[deleted]
Needs a 1.5-2k reversal. The ones previous have only been 1k and havent held
https://gyazo.com/99db044e6e7b510547459cebfbf1d969

If this isn't a bull flag I don't know what is
[deleted]
This is the price of greed :), all the rich ass whales just playing with the price getting huge profits and all the plebs just panicking... 
how do you think is gonna be the recovery?, slow and giving chances to buy more cheap bitcoin or just parabolic, like to 15k in one week?
