Daily Discussion, February 02, 2018
[New thread available here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7uyixb/daily_discussion_february_03_2018/)
It would be lovely if everyone could put their egos to one side for a few moments and admit, no one has a single clue what is going to happen next.

It's literally all guess work with some people having a very very slight benefit of some experience. It's still a stab in the dark.

If it was easy as 'figuring out the answer' then it wouldn't be the volatile market it is. 

I think the only way to survive is to have a strategy then don't let your emotions mess with it
Last opportunity to buy at 8000, because it is clearly going to 7000.
Don't worry, there is a strong support at $600
It just broke the $8000 buy walls. fuck.
I just checked in after 2 weeks of break

WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED 
Someday you'll be able to tell your grand kids, "I once bought bitcoin at $8000".  Will the grand kids respond:

A.  "So that's where all those Lamborghini's came from!"

or:

B. "What's Bitcoin?"
Everyone saying oh nice its up on sale, yet none of them are buying. They are just lying to themselves.
My $7560 buy order hit overnight!! Maybe my first good trade.
Whats the website that shows the odds of Mcaffee eating his dick?
I invested a little in early Jan, and I am holding up at more than 70% losses right now. In fact, I am having a bit of fun in this fall. Never invested in anything that would fall so quickly. Is it bad that I'm enjoying this?
HODL to zero. If all I get out of this is a t-shirt, then fuck it. So be it.
My analysis of the $1000 rise in the last 5 minutes suggests we’ll reach 20k in an hour.
This will make a great movie in 2-3 years
i like how friends and family come out of the woodwork to let me know prices are plummeting as if i'm Satoshi himself or i'm somehow investing with their money... same with ya'll?
never too late to apply to college https://www.mirror.co.uk/money/millionaire-bitcoin-teen-claims-you-11956452

put  'former bitcoin millionaire' on the extra curricular activities section 
FOMO and FUD have one thing in common - fear.

That's why you should always remain emotionless while investing.
Yo, where are the middle of the road people at? Everyone on here is either a debbie downer or a hype machine. Yo, bitcoin is bitcoin doing it's thing. None of us truly know where bitcoin is going next. Whether it be a thousand dollars or twenty thousand a few months from now. Stop trying to say you know what's gonna happen next and try to insist that others believe what you are saying! 
Think about it like this. Let’s say I have a basket of 10 bananas. I manage to convince one of you to buy one banana from me at $1. Now the basket is presumed to be equal to the purchase price of the last banana transaction times the number of bananas in my market. So all of these bananas are worth ($1x10 bananas) $10 in total. I then convince another one of you to buy a banana for $19,000. Well based on the last price the market for the basket just went up to $190,000. The problem is there is no depth to this market so if the first guy goes to sell his banana for $19,000 but can’t find anyone and the best he can do is sell it for $1, then the market will collapse back down to $10.
Gonna be honest. Not ever selling because I don’t wanna have to deal with the tax paperwork at the end of the year 
[deleted]
I enjoy this new hobby of mine. Smoke grass, watch Bitcoin prices, read this subreddit.
Everybody buying/selling because of the price, not the technology
broke the 7.7k wall like it was nothing fml
got fomo and bought at 9,064 lmao
## Moon Math Update: The Last Great Bubble

I've published the latest on tradingview, but I've got a discussion thread going in the comments here.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7uu57o/moon_math_update_the_last_great_bubble/

Go to http://moonmath.win for the full moon math table and rainbow charts 

Someone recently asked:

> "Why the last great bubble as the title? I don't disagree with you, all of the tech coming to our beloved coin this year is going to be nothing short of amazing. "

I responded:

> I do agree with people who see the long-term volatility of Bitcoin dropping as the price goes up. I think the price of Bitcoin stays extremely volatile for as long as it has a sub 1 Million USD price tag, or thereabout. If we can move people to talking about a satoshi as a practical measure of exchange then we have "normal stability" in the price range that depicts a common subdivision of value. A 10 percent change in value will not bother regular users, who in many markets are more familiar with much larger fluctuations in the value of their currency.
>
>My assumption is that it will be so costly to change the market cap of bitcoin by 10% at that time that price manipulation will be extremely difficult, if not impossible. If the price is able to go another order of magnitude above 1m USD/BTC we'll be looking at price manipulation on a scale that's only accessible to nations. I think that's what Satoshi was talking about when he said 21 million BTC as an absolute cap was an "educated guess."
[deleted]
Look
If you had
One shot
Or one cryptocurrency
To shoot to the moon and land on it
In one wallet
Would You hodl it?
Or sell when it dips?
Yo

His bags are heavy, hands weak, losses plenty,
the losses on his record already: he HODL’s steady
He’s nervous, but it’s worth it, limit orders ready,
To stop walls, from whales, doing all the selling, 
Losing hope now, but no doubt, he Holds his ground
He opens his account, it’s low and going down
His tokens. Ouch, all his friends are jokin now
hair all fell out, scalp lookin like his whole account.

His stack’s scrapped, and it practically FALLS, 
like its gravity, OMG’s a tragedy, OH, he’s so mad, but he WONT sell it that easy, NO 
He wont have it, he KNOWS his whole stack’s gettin LOW.
It dont matter, he’s BROKE , he knows that, and he WONT
FOMO back, but he knows when he goes back, to his home he loaned, that’s when it’s back to the charts again yo, this whole fantasy, better go blast to the moon and hope it dont leave him

You better not Lose or sell, dont be stupid, you own it, Just Hold it, you better never let it go
You get only one shot, to the moon, thats the goal
This opportunity comes, once in a lifetime
And I thought selling yesterday afternoon was a bad idea. Phew! I only lost a little bit. Woke up to 10k CAD.
It really feels some big whales are having a fun time playing all of us out like this. I hate that it can be made to go up and down like crazy like that!:-(
Clearly no small player can do this. There is nothing you can do 
Bitcoin will go back up. It might be tomorrow, it might be December. You know how people love to jump into the stock market when ever it crashes to get a good price point of entry? Same with this, it's common sense. Look at the past nine years .. it's pretty much inevitable. The only question is, where is the bottom? Anyone who sells it now after buying it at 12k, 15k, whatever, is insane...unless they just desperately need the cash right now I guess. But man, what a crazy loss they are taking needlessly.
The same compounding, snowball like effect we saw on the way down, we could easily see on the way up. Put on your seat belts boys.
[deleted]
I don't want to say that I'm losing hope, I fully believe and support BTC, but it is becoming harder for me to see why the price would ever spike to near $20K+ again. Maybe I need to go watch hours of talks by Andreas again. 
Bitcoin to The Pit of Misery!  DILLY! DILLY!
I think Bitcoin is going to go on the up trend from here. A lot of good news in the Cryptosphere today. Ex: UPS is creating a decentralized locker system with Bitcoin as a payment option. It seems there is a new wind coming. Mainstream adoption might not be that far away. Other companies may follow suit after UPS.
I just sold my bitcoin, so expect price increase... market is always against me:)
Just wondering, if somebody dies during this fall, like out of heart attack, what would happen to the crypto owned by them? Do people have nominees for their crypto stock?
Need some advice. 
I have reached the binance withdrawal limit as I have not been verified and waiting for the 24hr mark to reach. Is it worth putting bitcoin into tether for a few hours or is that far too risky given the current state of things? 
So many huge sell walls to break through. Hope that rocket has some thrust to the moon
I check the gdax a few times a day from my phone and lately I have a small aneurysm waiting for the page to load and display the current price
Have yall looked at wall street today?
Got a research question for you guys. What GPU models were used by the first GPU miners ~2010?
So I am just getting into Bitcoin. My plan is to chip away at purchases and keep them until way later when (hopefully) they are high value. I ordered a Trezor to keep my coins safe.  I also signed up for Gemini, am I doing this right?
Who else should be sleeping, but is obsessively watching?

So a 483 BTC sell order just got placed on Bitstamp...
I sold yesterday at 9, feels good waking up to 7k BTC.
In a few weeks were gonna see a spike of slighty used lambos in car dealerships. 
you guys are hilarious with the emotional roller coaster on price swings. 
I invested all my BTC into USD when 1 dollar was worth .0000625 BTC, and now 1 dollar is worth .0001250, so I've doubled my bitcoins!
I'll just come out and say it I guess...

I'm responsible for the entire crash, starting early January. How do I know this? Easy. In mid November I broke up with my ex-girlfriend, and pledged myself to no-fap for the first time ever (when I was dating I would usually masturbate/have sex multiple times each day) so this was a big deal for me. I did it mainly because I wanted to work on my self discipline, and it went pretty well until I found a girl around the end of the first week in January. We had sex, and ever since then i've just been cumming buckets each day. Either with her or masturbating, I feel so guilty because I know that with every orgasm I'm causing the price to crash more and more but at this point I just can't stop it. 

I know for a fact that this is the case because when I had a wet dream during no fap for the first time in December, the price crashed hard the next day; while when I refrained from orgasming the price only rose in value. I will try my best to not masturbate anymore, and when I have sex I will try not to climax. If the price continues to fall, I've failed you all. Please, lend me your strength one last time 
Any logic at this moment is appreciated. If anyone has any legitimate knowledge based insight or intuition i'd appreciate it. Quantitative data is even better.
I got your back guys I bought at $16k and sold at $7.5k that's why it is going back up yw
Dear God I'm about to DIE. Someone tell me why I should still HODL. Don't make it worse with FUD and pessimism please.
Have you ever been scratching your butthole because it's itchy, and before you know it, you've got the Vaseline out and you're basically finger banging yourself? Feels good.
I just got in @8k yesterday. Time for moon shot to 40k
Thought I saw Vegeta for a moment there...
HODL is only a good strategy if you have a legitimate reason to think prices are going up.  If you don't, then you're just gambling at 50/50 odds, which admittedly is better than Vegas, but not by much.  Alternatively, if you have any reason to think it's going down, sell, and rebuy when you find reason to believe it hit bottom.  

To be clear, memes don't count as reasons.
Can someone 'splain to me why [block #507308](https://blockchain.info/block/0000000000000000000e72c9fc6f3daa4e34895fbecd5921de99aa6e0935f729) doesn't have any transactions except to award bitcoins to the miner? 
Guys bitcoin is officially in the green again! (based on the last 24 hours).
Really wonder wants Japan’s take on current situation. They are really fully invested into Bitcoin. Haven’t much from them
Why is everyone panicking? We should have all known how volatile these markets are, and we should have all only put in what we can afford to lose. I look at this drop over the past few days and I don't even feel a twinge of panic. Relax, stop obsessing over prices, and check back in a month or two. 
As a small time holder, this is all just really fascinating. We are all apart of a revolution of sorts. 
I'm pretty sure I can physically smell the FOMO right now
To every new investor who recently bought...walk away from the ticker and look again in 5 years and be happily amazed at your changed life.

To everyone who borrowed money they cant carry to buy for a short term profit...we told you not to do that.
Where are the strong buy walls at $8k?? Common pussies where are your buying orders? It’s below $8k 😫
[deleted]
Hats off to the buyers around 7-8k. Not a bad time to buy it may go lower but it will hit 10k again or I'll eat my dick.
I want it all. The terrifying lows. The dizzying highs. The creamy middles....
anyone else lowkey want bitcoin to continue crashing. 
" ~~Mr Gorbachev~~ FUD, Tear down this wall!"
wew lad
I think it's going to be very interesting to re-read posts from the present time in the coming years. Crypto will still be around and it will still have value. 
Congrats to the survivors. Looks like sub 8k is out of the question for now
Stable and goin UP
Sell wall at 8900 was just eaten alive in seconds.
Well, all of the 8k orders were cleared out. I wonder where resistance will be? It could be we don't really have resistance anywhere.
Been a relatively stable day today, with bitcoin up a bit. Not sure how long this will last for going into the weekend.
What action is bitcoin core etc taking to improve transaction times to bring bitcoin back into favour?

I know of lifting network, but that’s something on top of bitcoin rather than an improvement itself.

Anyone able to provide an overview of what’s being worked on? Cheers
woah, who just saw that on gdax?
Is there a question thread or subreddit, I found an old wallet.dat and bitcoin qt on my computer I forgot I had and I could use some help on how to proceed. 
I downloaded the Bitcoin app from the play store, where can I buy a small amount of bitcoins (like a few hundred bucks worth) so I can start using it? Thanks.
I sent 6000 Satoshi yesterday for a 20 Satoshi fee. It took 24 hours to get confirmation, but it sent. 
brand new here. Can someone please tell me how long it takes to transfer bitcoin across addresses? I'm slowly grasping the technology and wandering what separates it from traditional bank system in terms of speed. Thanks!
is it happening?
FUCK! ^I ^HOPE ^IT ^HOLDS ^AT ^8.3K ^^^FUCKFUCKFUCK^^^^^fuckfuckfuck^^^^^^^^fuckfuckfuck

I actually like this crash. It taught me a lot of lessons about investing. If anybody feels like shit, I lost more than 100k. Don't worry guys. It will bounce back. However, it might take longer than you guys think.  
Well this is awkward.
[this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7un0ux/first_ln_transaction_with_an_btm/) was really cool, but we missed it because durrr the price. 
Let it die, that it may be reborn.
now, only Chuck Norris can stop this fall
Wanna see me run to 7500 and back? Wanna see me do it again?
Guys, serious question. If you were a whale, and could make money in either direction (shorting downward AND then buying coins at like 1-3k, or pushing upward and cashing out), and your moves were based wholly on which group was easier to push, which would you choose?

Remember when it was going up, and the sentiment in here? Can you see the sentiment now? 

A rebound won't come until people are easier to push upwards than downwards.

https://shadowpyramid.com/metamask.html
https://www.reddit.com/r/shadowpyramid/

What is your opinion on the game? Everytime someone buys and sells you get dividends.
It seems like if you get in early and the game lasts a few weeks you could
make some good dividends.
Why the fucking fuck is Bitcoin crashing? You guys promised me this thing would exponentially gain value forever. YOU LITERALLY SAID IT WOULD BE WORTH $1 MILLION DOLLARS EACH THIS YEAR.
I stopped watching the charts and decided to just sit in a corner and cry for a bit.
I’m HODLing. I don’t give a shit, I only put in a bit more than I could afford to lose and if I lose it all lesson learned. But if it comes back like it did to the original HODLer (OH), then I’m winning 
Can't wait for over 9000 memes again....if we ever see them again
If a government sends a thousand troops to fight a war and they all die, what should they do? Should they quit at a thousand lives, unsuccessful but with limited loss of life, or should they send another thousand troops to their deaths despite the fact they'll most likely be as unsuccessful as the first thousand troops?

The former option is logical, reducing the number of deaths, whilst the latter option gives the government pride, integrity, honor, resolve and improved public opinion even if the actual results are worse.

This is know as the [escalation of commitment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escalation_of_commitment) or 'sunk cost fallacy', where you continue with a bad decision in the hope that your further investment will prove that your previous poor decisions were not in vain despite the fact that it is more likely that you will escalate the severity of the situation.

In other words, quit while you're ahead, and even if you're behind where you started, quit while you're ahead of where you will most likely be in the future.

Edit: Grammar and spelling as well as revised structure.
Exiting times, love it.
The government cannot take away your bitcoin. But they will try.

The banks cannot take away your bitcoin. But they will try.

The hackers cannot take away your bitcoin. But they will try.

The trolls of reddit cannot take away your bitcoin. But they will try.

No one can take away your bitcoin. Unless you give it to them.
$7900
This is disappointing, and a part of me is regretting not selling all my BTC back in December rather than just some of it. But then I remember that even if BTC goes to zero and never recovers, I got more than my initial total investment for the portion I sold. It's all free money at this point.

Time to forget about BTC for another few years and see what happens. I'm just glad I didn't sell during the 2013 crash, which happened just after I bought in.
Joke: Lamborghini shares are plummeting after the price of Bitcoin falls 48% in one month! LOL
are we gonna go to a dollar now?
I'll HODL forever! You think this is a game?!
TO THE MOON  *fails*
Calm ya tits.
At some point, it will get too cheap to ignore, and the masses will return. 
Price memory my boys, Bitcoin has price memory. 
I hate this rollercoaster someone hold me please 
I am not that surprised or concerned about this sell off. The price is 10x what it was this time last year. What has happened since is that a lot of unsophisticated amateurs have piled in since then. They are both greedy and fearful and when you have that state of affairs, you can expect big highs (greed) and big lows (fear). The problem for too many is that they are conflating the price story, with the usability and potential of this technology. If you do this, you will never understand what is happening.

99% of the posts here are about the price. If you want to get involved with that , knock yourself out, for me, that is cart before the horse territory. If you understand the technology and believe in it, then the faith in the price will follow it. I have no truck with those that do not believe in the technology, there are huge challenges and other competing coins, for sure bitcoin has plenty of scope for failure. What I do take issue with is people using the state of the price and extrapolating out that this therefore means the technology is flawed, even if that were true, it does not follow, just because the price is going up or going down.

The price is going to be in the hands of the greedy and the fearful for some time, there is little we can do about that. If the technology however continues to improve - as I believe it will - then it will be the value proposition that determines the price and frankly that's all that ever should. Everything else is a sideshow, get sidetracked if you wish, but my point to 99% of the people here, if you are in for a quick buck, you are going to have a v. bumpy ride, if you want to play smart, read up on the technology and pick a side, whatever side you pick though, let it be based on due diligence, not on the weather vane posters  who are everywhere
Relax folks the crash is over. I just can't see Bitcoin going much lower - the support is just too strong. So many have tried to sell but we're never going to see sub-8k Bitcoin ever again. The recovery will be short and sweet.
This is just a personal opinion - We are now in the 'everything bubble' due to 8 years of quantitative easing where almost all assets are over priced.  BTC/Cryptos is the 'canary in the coal mine' and the stock market is now also in major correction.  As BTC is relatively the most volatile, we won't see recovery of BTC until the rest of asset classes are stable.
Holy smokes! the buying opportunity is strong tonight. Gotta take a step back and rationalise how much I'll buy.
The trade forums are full of total immature fools. They were begging for 8k when it was at 12k because they wanted to "gonna get me some cheap coin woohoo".. now look. They've enticed it to 8k so bad that there's no confidence in the investment so soon it won't be worth dog shit. Well done guys
Lol all these first time HODLERS thought they were holding when it was a 10% dip. This is when we seperate the real from the talkers.

Welcome to Thunderdome bitch.
Bitcoin has seen it's largest increase in price in the last 7 days over the last hour. Hopefully that continues
6000s by Monday morning?
[deleted]
[deleted]
so I guess all the depth charts don't matter at all
What happened to that 8k wall??? Jesus, not even a tiny bounce back.
Rough air ahead...we're in for some chop!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgbyIETniY4 
Why is it “crashing”?
i cant stop laughing so might aswell share - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTf5j9LDObk
[removed]
goodbye 7k
This same type of bounce happened yesterday after a huge fall, not buying it just yet.
Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow...6 more weeks of Crypto Winter.
I have already demonstrated a sign of life, now I am breathing through apparatus!! lol
Is ot worth buying bitcoin while the prices are low
I wish I had more cash to buy some bitcoin. Spent most of it on the dips. 
This is bitcoin like goku training in the byperbolic time chamber.  Or rocky training with Apollo Creed.

Gotta tear muscle down to [build it.](https://youtu.be/TnqZl_blT7E)
9000 broken down like a joke on gdax
edit: at this rate we will be back at 10,500 by end of today.
low volume. not enough buy support over 9k
goodbye 8k
I just heard bitcoin is gambling?

Suppose you could say choosing between shared hosting, AWS, or Google Cloud to run your website is gambling, too?

Might even consider wearing the red tie, blue tie, or green time is also a form of gambling. 

You could go as far as to say farting in front of the queen is gambling, why not?

I'm gambling karma by writing this comment. 
Bitcoin hasn't gone down. The moon just got closer!
According to psychologists Bitcoin fans suffer the same symptoms as gamblers, with their partners worrying about them and changing social behaviour.
Bitcoin as sailing charter payment,  Calendar / Booking Tool

Is anyone aware of people working in the calendar booking / btc Payments space? 

I am interested in being able to assign BTC valuation to specific Calendar days,   pricing changes predetermined  in advance pegged how far away date is.    When a person puts down deposit,  day would be booked,   and confirmation payment would be sought closer to sailing date.   Final payment on date of sailing. 

I'm a sailor,  have two sailboats,  25 Ton Inland Master Capt licence,  and a desire to work in the charter field.  (Presently hospital RN)

Anybody near New Jersey or New Orleans interested in this sort of development?
I'd just be happy with "To the clouds" at this point with a strong "To the stratosphere" as a second request!!  lol..  HODL!
just hit positive rate for the first time today, hope are climbing
I just checked the chart. It actually dipped below 8k today. Holy shit!
Is anyone having trouble logging into Binance?  When I log in it just goes into an infinite refresh loop.
we are taking a plunge boys hold ur breath
Only time will tell if hodling was a good idea. ):
The question is, do you buy big now? Or is the real low still to come?
we reached the bottom. Ema200 and fibonnaci crossing buy NOW
SNOOP DOGG SAID LONG TIME AGO:
ITS DROPPING LIKE ITS HOT!!!!!!!!!!!
BTC One Million USD and Beyond
[deleted]
Hey guys. My mom says to sell my bitcoins now or im grounded. But I like them cos theyr cool and stuff. What should i tell her. I have 0.001
Surely we're at the bottom now
This is what Trump calls....draining the swamp lol
crazy whale movements! I see most of you are banking that these are the friendly type of whales that want bitcoin to ultimately  succeed. 
23k here we come.
$10 drop and my brain is just shouting constantly "sell, sell, sell, its over, sell".

 $10 rise and my brain is shouting constantly "moon, moon, moon, should have bought the dip, moon.

My guess is, this will be just like it happened with .com companies in the 90's, all the trash will be deleted, and the real companies will stay and grow, like google, yahoo, and others did. It wont happen today, maybe not this year, but at some point...
Bank of America will decline all cryptocurrency transactions on credit cards
If you've got the chips, buy the dip.
If it's any consolation, the Dow and S&P dropped more than BTC in last 24 hours :)
I sold all my bitcoins for tulips.  This time next year I'm gona be a millionaire
https://bravenewcoin.com/assets/Uploads/four-stages-chart.jpg
[deleted]
History Lesson - The last bubble to burst in 2001 acted very similar to cryptos these last weeks.   Don't be drawn in until you see utter capitulation.   Don't be fooled by the dead cat bounce.
look at all the sharks in here trying to scare away the guppies. Well us dolphins are going to have fun riding the waves (;
Anyone else believe that Bitcoin futures were a bad development for Bitcoin?
Coinbase is the biggest scam ever.
It'll update the buy@ value faster when its going up, so you pay more and get less btc.  Then update never or slower when the btc value goes down.  So youre paying more for less, big fucking scam.  I gotta stop using this shitapp.
I've followed bitcoin since it was released, or created, or whatever. I've been in and out of it. Last year I developed quite a gambling addiction and got out of bitcoin to cure that.

Recently with the huge spike in bitcoin, I went through my old wallets to consolidate my remaining funds, and I was shocked to see that an "economical" transaction fee was around $15 USD. This seems a bit insane, and really hurts the ability to use bitcoin to pay for things out in the real world. 

Is there any hope for the future, or will transaction fees continue to go up? How can we expect bitcoin to be used as a regular currency if I try to buy a $3 coffee and have to spend $15 in fees?

Just curious how you seasoned bitcoin holders view this spike in fees. 
It's over guys. I hope I'm wrong. It would seem that the same central bankers that run the world, have decided that either A. They want to buy in low and control a certain percentage. Or B. They simply are going to kill it slowly yet swiftly. One of those things, I believe, is true.
It's over this will continue to tank 
[deleted]
Can we ever recover to 20k? Let the debate begins.
Can't wait to see how cheap these delicious morsels get over the next few days.
None of you can predict the bottom, and anyone here who uses past history to guarantee that BTC and cryptos will bounce back should be permanently banned.
this is going sub 7600 again 
One word about the why behind the bitcoin crash: "HODL"

How can the general public take it seriously when idiots out there say "I'm hodling" instead of "I'm holding"? Sounds like phrase that a 4th grade classroom would've come up with.
Haha it’s dead.
[deleted]
I can't post any text post anymore. 
[deleted]
Price is down big time, and you know what? Prepare for another BCash attack. They won't miss a chance like that.
Free fall. 
bounce back time
it went up 600$ in 5 seconds.
What happened to the company which was paying its employees in Bitcoin? Can this EVER become a valid currency?
Bitcoin coming back to 19$! Oh sorry, wrong parallel universe (:
is the general consensus that now is a good time to buy, or should I hold out for it to drop lower? I bought at 11, and then 10 thinking they were good numbers, and it had seemed to stabilize and go sideways for a few days, but....nope, it keeps dropping. Any chance it will go to 7, 6, 5k? I keep hearing people talk about "support" but it seems to not make much of a difference. 
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
9k soon
Get your community together and stop panicking.  It’s honestly ridiculous.  Entire market cap of crypto is at levels it could be be bought out by Apple and Amazon right now.  
If bitcoin goes to 300$, I'll buy three pieces.
I wonder if the bubble is finally popping. Last drop, it was clear that it would rebound but bitcoin is finally tanking consistently with no signs of recovery. It’ll be interesting to see.

I wanted to short it at $18-19k but I lacked the instrument. Oh well.
i bought the dip.
crash has ended alts going up too relax now
And there's the bounce! Thank God almighty.
It just dawned on me: those who have the power to effect the price of BTC with FUD will take every opportunity available to them to do so. Mark Zuckerberg took his turn this week. Who's next?
If this is not market manipulation, then I dont know what is.
Hi, resident FUDder and Bear here. Also doomsayer. Or what have you. 

So, if we turn down again and get through 8000 then it's going to nosedive very hard.  Maybe I know what I'm talking about or maybe I don't. Maybe I just want you to sell so I can get cheap coins.  Maybe I'm just salty that I didn't buy Bitcoin and missed out on the gains. Who knows!  

Edit: So last night I was watching GDAX. 4500-high wall, gone in an hour or even a bit less.  During that time I just watched the orders go by. Red. All red. Ever see several minutes go by at a time with literally 0 people clicking "Buy" on GDAX, while thousands of Sells go by?  This is a different market now.  
I bought this major dip today and am not sweating it too much! I will be buying small amounts every week no matter what the price is. I’m laughing at the people who started to buy in less than 3 months ago and are planning on selling at a loss if it continues to go down. If you invested less than $10,000 and are willing to sell for a loss very soon, you are a fool. Never put in what you can’t afford to lose. Good news is that there is permanent support at $800, bc that is roughly the cost of production for 1 coin. 
[removed]
As predicted it has breached the psychological $10k mark, ot is into the bearish mark.now no turning back till $7k i think. Always have a cut loss mark when specula
ting. Don't let sentiments take over.Hodlers aren't worried. It's just a major wave.
Do you think it will keep this low for a while or will it jump back up within a day
I can imagine the weekend low volume market pushes this further down
Remember the greed in December by people jumping in because of FOMO so they could make money.. we're now seeing the mirror image of the greed.. people buying as low as they can, lower and lower.. but all they're doing is destroying their own investment. If they keep going bitcoin won't be worth shit ever again.
tom petty- free fallin
It just keeps falling... What do you think guys, the floor at $6.3k or $3.5k?
24 hour btc volume - 56k
out of the loop here - what's the lamborghini joke?
[deleted]
This is operation dragon slayer manipulation.   People cant possibly be this stupid. 
Feel sorry for the ETC fellows. They have lost their shirt and some!
So, we have reached the bottom for today.
Huge green candle at 7540. Support lvls look to be 7500, 4900, 2750...
Is this Black Friday for bitcoin?
Another averaging question :3 what about selling some bitcoin? Does that make changes on my value?
What’s up with Korean? How come their platforms start to get even lower prices? Anyone know?
This is that happens when you declare a currency war with the governments of the world... 
Lilly investors, Lilly investors everywhere 
Big rise on the way be ready
Vegeta memes incoming...
What a craziness up and down...up and down..
if i didnt have to cash out til i get my next fiat in 2 months i wouldnt give a F.. if bitcoin crashed to 1000$ because i wouldnt need the money. so please, BTC, hold strong for 2 months pls
[deleted]
I am selling and re buying. Is this the height of btc right now
Week end soon with gf so cant trade sadly, be brave all, it will probably continue down and a bit up in few hours.Remember to not let crypto on if you are not near your screen to seel when needed.Good luck friends.
After BTC recovers fully to 14-15k+, people will feel a lot better when the next crash happens and be more likely to hodl.
Is there a 6 month long option and what arethey selling for?
Be careful, like i said it will continue to go down, try to sell at the end of happy boughts pics and buy low.We are not out of the down time take care and dont be too optimistic for now.
[deleted]
Any alternatives to CMC? CMC is crap and not real time at all
Genuinely curious here , does anyone else find it a bit strange that nearly every coin follows the same price trend ? I’m not an expert but I’m aware these currencies(the ones that I know of) use the same block chain architecture. Essentially what’s the defining difference between currencies ? To me looking at the graphs it looks very strange , especially since nearly any average joe can set up a coin and suddenly it has a value ? Some coins even basing its value off other ones ? Tether and bitcoin cash ? 
What time of the day does the Asian market start to act (I'm new to this)?
[removed]
Last time I was on GDAX, I'd looked at BCH/USD price to see how closely it was following BTC/USD.  Many hours later, I figured I'd check to see how BTC/USD was doing and the number on the chart said around $1200.  I 'bout shit muh pants.  It loaded the BCH/USD price since it was the last one I had open.  Doh!
It's over for the globalists!!!
It was typical case of the fleecing of the flock. Trade center owns a lot of bitcoins. They wait for a while then slowly sell it for $. Then as people will start panic sell they'll buy everything back up. Since the price is dropped from 10k to 7.5k, a whale earned the difference of 2.5k without losing bitcoin. It is important not to crash the market when you do the fleecing of the flock because that is same as gutting the golden goose.
[deleted]
Do you borrow money you do have? Not usually. Underwriting takes place when lending money and there are stabdards that are maintianed. I work at  bank.They don't just give it to anyone. Anyway, I didn't mean protect the clients from themselves, I meant protect them from fraud.
Hi. Newbie here. Let's say I have to send 0.0048 btc and I want the transaction to have 200sat/byte. How do I calculate how much is the feed in btc?

I have to make a similar transaction to that but I dont know how much money I should "put" into my wallet in order to have enough btc to send+pay fees.

I wonder what’s the average age of people who’ve invested in bitcoin. 
Rip
look how stable he is at 8000 $

It's sad that on market manipulation days like this i need to unsubscribe from the sub so that my front page won't be filled with negative trolling. Half of the people posting here on such days are either spreading FUD or pumping their favourite competitor.

I don't know any other subreddit where this would be true, it is like if half the posters in /gaming would argue how stupid it is to waste time playing games.
when you think back on it now, did you really think the world was gonna start using bitcoins for everything?
I can't tell if a lot of these "HODL"ers are aspie, immoral, or crazy. No rational person would advise people to keep their funds in the market in a situation like we are in now (unless they don't care about others and are just in it for themselves). I saw this one dude on the trading sub advising his friends to put their entire college savings for their kids in at 11k. 
US institutions just wanted a cheaper entry. I'm hearing 7500 was that entry. Good luck guys load up!!!!
[deleted]
This is a market correction that needed to happen.  Zoom out your charts to one year, make a straight line on the lows and you will see that with steady gains we should be around $7500.  We all know it went up way too much too quickly.  Just sit tight for the ride and buckle your seatbelts.  
[deleted]
Even though Bitcoin is going to go down close to $3,000, it's comforting knowing that we are all going down together. 
i keep hodl
Will all the pussies who panic sold and have taken a big hit ever re-invest? My bet is no. Will this affect Bitcoins future?
The US gets up in an hour and the selling starts all over. 6K by Sunday?
It's gone well below the 200 day moving average. It's dying guys. Say goodbye to your investment.. for at least 6 - 9 months. May as well go get yourselves a hobby
prepare 9k memes!
Support looks legit now.
[deleted]
Question: how can bitcoin be considered a store of value when its price is so volatile? You could buy at 16K and a few weeks later your funds drop by half in value. Is it only a store of value except when the price is too high? But with no way of determining its correct value unlike stocks, how to tell when the price is too high?
Anyone know why I can't make a text post in this sub? 

Anyway, Coinbase is canceling my Bank of America orders. I verified the transaction through the BOA automated text and it said to try again but coinbase is still rejecting. This is a debit. Any idea what I can do to resolve this at 5am?
Is the sidebar due for a refresh? Perhaps a re-organization of important information, maybe changing it to say bitcoin is primarily NOT an investment?
I think there are a good amount of people on the sideline waiting for Bitcoin to hit bottom before putting some into Bitcoin. 
I got a technical question about deleted BTC and Blockchain. Didn't find any answer in any FAQ/documentation.

When BTC is "lost" (HDD destroyed for example) there is no way to recover your loss if there is no physical copy of that data, fine.

However, I wonder how the Blockchain reacts to that event.

1. Are the BTC detected as destroyed?

2. Are the BTC still in the chain in a ghost state (always held, never sold)?

3. Is there a "cleanup" process of the Blockchain to remove ghosts?

Btw, I do not ask for what appens to the wallet, but for the chain itself. Having ghost BTC would be an everyday growing flaw leading to the falsification of the "real" value of BTC, and i find strange that i've never heard of that before (basically that's why I post here).

Thanks!

EDIT: http://fortune.com/2017/11/25/lost-bitcoins/
Same thing with Wall Street bonuses that would bring btc to the top again. Lol
It’s going down to at least 7,000... 
someone pressed the NITRO button?
Damn my Lamborghini is almost gone :( https://imgur.com/a/s0pH5 
What's all this green stuff on the charts??
Time to wait till wich lvl it can crash again, atm it's not safe at all to buy.
Like said before, manage to have profits if you can now and then wait to buy after chinese new year.
Hold if you bought long time ago at low price, but sell now if you can have few profit. Cant predict but i'm pretty sure it will go down again, dont be trapped. 
I heard "bad luck brian" bought btc at 1200 in 2013, at 1000 in 2016 and at 3000, 4800 and 20000 in 2017...
Would you guys say since the coin market came from the stock market crash. that in return the stock market effects the coin market? Or other economical news? 

 Stocks go up coins go down or stay put. stocks fall coins go up due to uncertainty? Ive notice with the latest job reports Trump tax cuts unemployment numbers hit the coin market goes down? could this be a underlining factor? 
If we can push through 9k by 1pm there will be room to run up the score in the afternoon, if we fall below 8, we'll continue to run up losses. If we continue a sideways trade between 8200 and 8700, who knows? That's just my baseless opinion. I could be wrong
My profile has been bleeding but I didn’t sell any. Not even thought about selling. 
Price doesn’t strike me anymore. All I want is show my tiny little support to this one thing that I believe. 
Only invest the money you can spare, this is the best principle I learnt. 
Bitcoin, please stand up just like you did every single time. May the force be with you.
AND IN THIS MOMENT I AM...
looking at prior bubbles, bitcoin may not bottom until later this year https://www.financialsense.com/chris-puplava/using-recent-bubbles-estimate-bottom-bitcoin
Be careful, it will probably go down again dudes.
What do you guys prefer to store your coins on. I’m trying to find what’s the safest. I’m reading about exodus and bitconnect. Is there something else that’s preferred? 
it will dip again, but no so many, maybe to 8.8k again, but the trend is to go up, if you still on fiat, buy at least a part, don't miss the train
What everyone is waiting for again https://m.youtube.com/watch?t=10s&v=qHc39mXEfLI
10 hours and my transaction is still unconfirmed 👀
Is there a sub or thread for absolute noobs to learn this stuff? I’d love to start small but but have no clue on wallets, how to sell, what a GAX is... ya.
When bitcoin starts its uphill climb again, does anyone have a realistic guess as to how high it could go let’s say in 3 years time?  I saw one article claiming it could hit 100k in one year.  Are there certain factors that would make it impossible to go beyond a certain price (like how there are upper limits on cpu processing power)? 

Recently got into learning about crypo and wondered why are there no banks or wallets that pay interest on the deposits? Is it because it'd be too big of a target to hack and steal? Or because crypto is too liquid that not enough people hold it in wallets for a significant amount of time for a bank to use to invest in?
😢
Major support at 8.6k 

Bounced off that line 3 times today over the course of 9 hours.

If we cross over 8.9k it'll signify a break out to 10k +
so what is really the point of undercutting someone by like 10,20,40,50 you sell for less money, or is it they just don't give a fuck if they cause the market to go down, or is it done on purpose?
Get out right now. Chinese new years is coming.  Get back in after that. Profit.
I lost 5 of the 6 grand I put in just over the weekend. What I’m doing for now is I sold it off for USD until this drop stops. Idk if that helps anyone but seems logical.
[deleted]
was nice knowing you guys.
leave the ship now.
[deleted]
It was the Whales who drove the price up and down.  Retail Investors did FOMO in, but a very small percentage.  I base this analysis on my real life.  I've told many people to invest but my success rate is only 5%.   Also the Stock Market has PEAKED and Bitcoin has BOTTOMED.  
C'mon bitcoin. let's go 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Go back to Bitcoin, you shitcoin fools!
https://i.redd.it/q17hofx4msd01.jpg
I need this crash to continue for a  couple more weeks so i can get my bonus arrrrggg
Looks like the reversal is happening. And it's a reversal, and new beta? Look at stocks going down and crypto going up.
To those who say Bitcoin is gambling I say "It's not. But if it were, would you buy a lottery ticket that never expired, had the chance to hit the jackpot everyday forever and had repeatedly hit the jackpot historically for 9 years?"
I wonder if Mcafee is still absurdly bullish on BTC or if he is actually starting to get worried! 
Just remember, your investment can never go down to 0
In my opinion wrong "market strategy" caused this dip and could effectively destroy otherwise great technology. About few years ago I started noticing a dramatic switch from "invest into this technology it is great, it is the future" to "invest in this coin it will make you lambos". 

I cannot help but tie this to the core founders. They went out there and sold the technological inovation for unrealistic promise of becoming rich. I feel crypto became 2 big because of that. Now it could tank into obscurity just because a lot of those who came in for lambos will realise that it is not perpetuum moneyle. 
Even Etherum is bowing down to the king now. Hodl. 
[deleted]
Ok guys 9k breached now for the 2nd time. I advice you to buy in with 30 percent of your money now. 40 percent at 9500 and all in  at 10k.   Do what u want with this advice
cant wait till bitcoins hit 0 lmao keep hodling tho
Hello folks. I have a simple question. If 80% of miners agreed to increase block size and it also conforms to original paper, then can somebody *** explain me, why the chain supported by 80% is not considered the original chain? Does anyone understand this???? Makes 0 sense!
Guys I would BUY NOW. You May never have a chance to buy again this low. EVER. 
Wanna know how I know bitcoin will survive?

https://blockchain.info/charts/hash-rate

The bitcoin protocol, which ensures transactions are immutable and never double spent, is secured by mining. As long as the people who are spending capital, time, and electricity to secure the network, bitcoin will live on. 

Miners will actually short a small percent of their mining rewards, so that if it goes down in price (they make money), if it goes up in price, the larger percent of their holdings increases in value. If you see a long term decline in bitcoin hashing power, that is the one true sign things are bad, since the blockchain will be susceptible to attack.

As long as there are more computers securing bitcoin versus the ones who don't play by the rules, bitcoin will survive. It's really that simple. You can ignore the FUD, the news, the bans, the dips... none of that matters to the rules of bitcoin. If the people who have real skin in the game aren't sweating it, then neither should you.
This is good for Bitcoin

and its lesser known cousin, This is actually good news

and its baby brother, This is gentlemen
Interestingly there has been quite low volume for the past ~40 days. I dropped around 22th of Dec and picked up again yesterday. See [here](https://www.tradingview.com/x/G84i4aX1/) and [here (only difference is no mask)](https://www.tradingview.com/x/ljqPMAgN/). 
Crash crash crash! Come on I would love to be able to buy a whole bitcoin! Still up from what I'm hodling but wouldn't be displeased if it dropped further to buy in again. It doesn't seem to be slowing down yet
Did you remove the option for text posts? wtf is going on admins?
wow wow haha
Rebound at 7500
Its comming back up! BTC is saved! 😂😂😂😂
[deleted]
What the fuck is this? Us woke up and decided it is cheap. 
These dips are always great to get rid of the weak hands.
Pretty solid volume, could seek 10k again in the next 24hours
bought right the the top if this little bump and now it dips right away.
Have the text posts been disabled on this sub or have I done something to piss off the mods? (Again)
In the mean time, Komodo users are all lining up to score up to 8000 KMD for free tomorrow during their largest atomic swap stress test ever. 100k atomic swaps will be reached tomorrow for sure. Who knows, maybe after we get Komodo some can swap for cheap BTC while the dip is in season.
Bitcoin, baby, you're so fast, too fast for me, yeah yeah.
When u gonna slow down? Gimme some time. To make up my mind. Yeah yeah.
[deleted]
It's a bet against the dollar. Bitcoin will never be technologically Superior to other payment systems. The Federal reserve prints unlimited money. Bitcoin only has 21 million. Bitcoin is a bet that when bond yields skyrocket people will realize their currency is devalued and go into Bitcoin. 

There's support at 8k...right?
[deleted]
I got out b4 the correction. Will go shopping if / as soon as it drops into the 6-7k range.

Question. Is it better to:

1. Buy back into primarily BTC (80%) and hold
2. Hold only 20% of BTC and spread the bulk on an index of alt coins (top 10 and a few faves)?

BTC can only reasonably go so far. Even at 7k - if it 'went to the moon (50k) that's 7x.

Whereas an ADA can make 10x by going to $3usd ...

Seems like BTC price raises / lowers all ships - but at some point what will happen to alts?
The Great Sell Off something is damn fishy here.
Does anyone have a (serious) idea about the sharp rebounds that seem to happen every now and then?
7500 was most likely the bottom 
at this rate we will see 5k in less than 3 days!!!

go and get some money people!!!
Does Coinbase allow stop orders through the app? I want to buy when it hits a certain price.
Wallstreet is crashing hard.  Things make a lot more sense today with all the crabs in a bucket nocoiners, panic sells and fud.
[deleted]
I bought at 9500, what should I do? It gotta go up soon!
