Daily Discussion, January 15, 2018
Still cant finish the night green! Fuckers
"wall street bonus will be huuuuuuge" lol
The rally always comes up short. 
Volume on GDAX scary low to anyone else? 
Hold on to your seat boys looks like we are breaking 13k but not the way we want. 
how is going down now when bloomberg reported china fud 14 hours ago...
current bitcoin price trajectory: slow bleed to 10k support.
TL/DR: Ledger didn't send me the number of nano s's I ordered/paid for and now they won't answer me... I don't know what to do next.

I ordered 10 ledgers from their site to give as gifts at Christmas. A package arrived after a few days, but there was only one ledger nano s inside, the box of which had been damaged in the post as it was shipped in a simple one ply bubble wrap envelope with no additional cushioning/protection.

I immediately went on to the ledger official site and used their contact form to provide a photo of the damaged item, the envelope (which never would have fit 10 inside it), and saying I understood they were busy, but there had clearly been a picking error in their warehouse and could they please send more.

I never received a response.

I waited until after new year to try again as I understood they had a huge backlog of orders and loads of tickets open. This time I wrote to the sales@ email address. I did get a response after a day, but they just wrote:

"With the cryptocurrencies market cap breaking new records, we are facing an incredible surge in the demand for our products. Stocks are therefore depleting much quicker than anticipated. As a consequence, we have to review channel allocations and have no other choice than to suspend bulk orders until further notice. We are taking this opportunity to rebuild our reseller program and we will come back to you in the coming weeks with an onboarding form to better qualify your needs and understand your distribution strategy (please make sure to subscribe to our reseller newsletter here to get notified). Thank you for your understanding and patience. Best regards, The Ledger team"

Obviously the above doesn't make sense in the context of my email.

I understand the pains of growing a new business, and that these things happen, but I'm feeling pretty undervalued as a customer now. I wasn't sure where to go from here, so thought I'd post here and see if anyone from the company could help me.

I posted the above on the ledger subreddit and it was deleted with no explanation. I was also shadowbanned across the whole site (I'm posting from a new log in). I'm hoping it was automod that deleted/shadowbanned it for some reason, and not their mods.

Any ideas what I should do next?

Come on GDAX! You can do it!

It's been so stable lately too, but it just doesn't handle these large block orders very well.
The way I look at it: I'm 6 months into a 10 year investment. 
[deleted]
When it's flying high, everyone wishes it would dip so they could buy more. When it actually does, everyone flips shit and panic sells. Chill out, buy the dip, and you'll be thanking yourself in a month and a half.
[deleted]
...BTC/CAD is on par with BTC/USD on Kraken right now. Huge chance for our Yank friends to make a quick 30% gain.


-edit

annnnd we're back up.
Oh nooooooooo
forget bitcoin, ETH down 18% since yesterday 

rip me

Edit: jesus, now down 24%. crazy. 
What an awesome store of value.
I really hope these Wall Street guys are going to show up with their bonuses. It seems like a good time to buy.
Coinbase will resume BCH - BTC rading on January 17th a 9am pacific. 

Will this allow people to trade their BHC for BTC on CB finally ? Now that crypto to crypto is taxed, it's not that lucrative of a move. Considering the 0 cost basis for BCH.
Here we go, testing lower lows testing critical support levels. FUD drop!
what’s the reason for the drop? just asking
this is pretty scary tho
To whoever the beautiful crazy bastards are that are buying this slide, I can only sit here and admire your gigantic fucking balls. No homo. Salute.
[deleted]
That's a lot of sells...

https://www.oftwominds.com/blogapr09/housing04-09.html

But the realities beneath price action have changed, and this bargain-hunting burst soon fades as demand falters, supply rises and prices renew their descent.

Speculators and investors' memory of the tremendous profits made on the way up remain firmly embedded, forming an "investment memory" which locks them into the view that the upward trend will resume at some point. This drives wave after wave of bottom fishing in which speculators buy into an apparent bottom only to be disappointed/ wiped out by a renewal of the downtrend.

At some point, all the bottom fishers have expended their capital and prices retrace to the pre-bubble levels, or even lower. This is what can be called "the real bottom."
with a bit of luck the 'over 9000' memes can be used again
Had a buy order at 12200. More funds under way. If price will drop to 9-10k meanwhile i will buy some more. After that i will just hodl because i reached my max risk. Good luck everyone and stay strong! At the end, we will make it!
Congratulations to everyone who just bought the bottom.
Bitcoin doesn’t like holidays, but this time all alts are also crashing bigger than btc so hopefully everyone buys btc after.
Has NOBODY seen this massive article yet?? https://www.cnbc.com/2018/01/15/china-is-reportedly-raising-the-bar-on-its-cryptocurrency-crackdown.html

Could affect Binance big time??
How come Bitcoin is dropping?
well, that is not looking pretty
Goodbye Lambos
It's not the FUD/ China ban/ Korea ban, the market was already not looking pretty before the whole Korea ban happened.
What are everyone's thoughts on the news from France today?
What happens if we go below 12.8k tonight or by the time Asia markets hit again tmr? I have heard from a few people here and YouTube, discord etc that if that happens it may go down to 10k before heading back up. Is this realistic? I'm New but would welcome the chance to buy some more BTC at 10k as I started when it was worth more and had only gone that low or close to it one time and I was to new to have buy orders set or anything and missed out. My SMART GF did buy a bunch at 10k last dip tho so that's good 😙😁 but yeah. Does that number 12.8k really mean anything to anyone that reads charts well? Thanks.
Noticing a bullish flag triangle with a long short bear trap @ 13k with Fibonacci head and shoulders
Wait wasn't this thread already made this morning?
are paper wallets secure? how do I know the person that gave it to me can't get back the funds?
Are there any legit faucets? if there are, wich ones?
I was poking around in the [Bitcoin repository](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin) and I was curious why of the four commits listed in this message, only 3 of them were linkified:

https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/commit/44080a90a29292df96e92f22242785c5040000a1

It turns out there are two different commits with a commit hash starting 7abfa53, so GitHub doesn't know how to link that text.  #MildlyAmusing
Oh yessssss
So I'm thinking of investing in cryptos, have signed up to Coinbase. Is it all kosher to give them/attach my bank account?

I'm very new to this shit, so if you start telling me I have to use things like cold wallets that I've read about it'll probably swamp me real fast.
[deleted]
can I invest in bitcoin, litecoin, etherium etc without mining?
are we thinking that CMC will be reintegrating Korean exchange volumes soon?
Hodling for dear life
Well this has been quite a ride.... I think it might break that 12K wall very soon...
[deleted]
Congratulations to everyone who bought the bottom.
Just bought more, I think it’s a great price. If it goes lower, I’ll buy some more.

I think everyone who got in at £14k are shitting their pants
Is it time to turn off the exchanges for a while? How about printing some tether?
The lower it goes the bigger the possible returns. 
[deleted]
Given all these moving walls and low volume on GDAX, is it safe to assume it's mostly been bots trading all weekend?
[Good news](http://segwit.party/charts/#), Segwit adoption is rising, we're over 12%
[deleted]
[deleted]
If Alice bought 5 BTC in 2017 at $6000 each, and uses it to buy a Car in 2018 (which appreciated to $14000 per BTC), would she have to pay capital gains tax? If not......then I say HODL until companies start accepting BTC as payment in order to avoid capital gains tax. 
For crying out loud, cash supply for dips is getting exhausted. 
My grandma whats to buy bitcoin, cause she thinks it's the best time.
Trusting my instincts here and moved all my alts back into BTC. That breakout is so imminent my butthole starts tingling 
I was thinking that the huge back log for onboarding clients at exchanges puts some pressure on prices, i.e. no new investor for a while. I am waiting for my bitstamp account for 3 weeks now.

What do you think? 
Can't wait to buy the dip. This is going to be a huge bounce.
What's up with the lightning network?

Does anyone have an approximate timescale for implementation?

Exchanges need to accept new users. We need new buyers!! 
Bitcoin giveaways??

Does anyone know why I never see Bitcoin tips given out on this sub anymore?

People used to tip Bits all the time for great posts. Why?
[deleted]
[removed]
is there way to do limit order in coinbase? There is only a buy and sell button in my country. I was thinking this kind of market order may have helped the growth of bitcoin
Hi All,

I have a question!

I have a coinbase account in the U.S. 

I never used this account.

Many buyers in Europe want large amounts but are unable to make a coinable account themselves. I have buyers in Europe who want to give me cash and then I can send them the equal amount in BTC while I charge a premium for this service.

Anyone have an idea on how this is possible? Any guidance? What's the procedure and how to be safe doing it without breaking any laws?

Thanks
Hippo
anyone know bitpay? My friend told me it big in USA
yikes
Here we go, below 12k. Gdax going straight down.
Oh dear 
Good News Everyone!

Withdrawing my crypto off of polo exchange will go alot faster now.

Did my limit get raised?  I wish.  Nope.

https://youtu.be/YRCzEqkCoiM

Any Bitcoin debit cards that still work?
Does this have anything to do with bitcoin futures? 
11500 has a big buy wall but we will see how long it lasts...
wow

this doesn't look good. It's going to keep falling.
I sold all my btc at $800 last year (lol) so it's just interesting to watch this unfold. 


Annoying how it affect all the alts though. 
[deleted]
Hey guys... I'm a broke college kid. It would be nice to make some extra money on bitcoin like a lot of people do. Is it too late for me to profit from bitcoin? I don't have hardly any extra spending money
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-01-15/china-is-said-to-escalate-crackdown-on-cryptocurrency-trading

FUD everywhere.. but where there's smoke there's fire?
If you have to pay tax on your crypto profits, does that means that crypto is not actually decentralized 
[deleted]
Remember !!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBnC9AhKjws
[deleted]
This is total FUD! China announced a ban back in October and the effect on price was short-lived. Now they are saying they are going to enforce the ban a little better. Who cares?
everytime people will say Tether to rescue bitcoin price. nowadays no more tether?
Okay, but, why? What TF is going on that is causing this crash?
[deleted]
The huge green bars from Dec 5-7 have been reversed. Gotta be getting close to bottom
Help I had btc on Coinbase and tried sending it to bitcoin.com wallet but on Coinbase I typed in my bitcoin cash address. What can I do?
Doesn't whalecalls long position liquidation scares everyone when logging onto Twitter? Btc usually drops sharply when they liquidate any long position...
Hodl & you will be rewarded brothers. 
Please feel free to correct, make fun of, and shoot down what I have written here.


Topic:  How many Tim Hortons coffee chain drive throughs can Bitcoin(pre-lightning) transact without creating a backlog?


Assumptions: 1) bitcoin does 7tx/second.  2) no other traffic is trying to use the blockchain.


I am sitting in my vehicle after having gotten a tripple tripple (can this be good for me?) and am parked such that I can count the other customers coming out of the drive through.


Vehicle count=9


Elapsed time=5min 43sec


about 7pm in the evening today


This Tim Hortons drive through is processing 9customers/343seconds or about 0.026 customers per second.  So at the Bitcoin(pre-lightning) speed of 7tx/sec then 269 Tim Hortons can be serviced without building up a backlog of unconfirmed transactions on the blockchain.


https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Hortons


Total Locations: 4613


Canadian Locations: 3802


Population of Canada: 36 million


Population of Earth: 7.442 billion or 7442 million


State of Lightning: Unfinished and unreleased


Hopefulness level on the future of Lightning: I'm holding


Chapter Two: Bitcoin Cash


8mb Blocks Currently: 7tx/sec x 8 = 58tx/sec


Tim Hortons Served: 58 ÷ 0.026 = 2521 Tim Hortons drive throughs


Canadian Tim Hortons Locations: 3802 .... BCH can serve at present 2521 locations


Lets ramp it up a bit.... let me assume that everybody loves Tim Hortons as much as Canada.


thats 785,957 Tim Hortons locations worldwide if that were true


785,957 ÷ 2521 = 311 8mb blocks or 311 x 8 = 2494mb blocks


BCH would require blocks 2494mb in size to serve worldwide Tim Hortons drive throughs assuming that Tim Hortons became as popular worldwide as it is in Canada.


2.494Gb blocks


https://www.memoryexpress.com/Products/MX68859


1Tb harddrive: 1000 ÷ 2.49 = 401 BCH blocks to fill this hardrive


how many of these harddrives filled in one year? How many blocks are in one year? 1 x 6 x 24 x 365 = 52,560


52560 ÷ 401 = 131 of these harddrives will be filled in one year


131 harddrives x $100 each = $13,100 dollars

BCH Level.  Holding


Edit: I should say that if maxed out currently BCH would only require 1 of those hard drives per year...I think.
[deleted]
Crypto going to the moon! Here is the proof...

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2711461.msg28222378#msg28222378

https://redd.it/7qqr01
[deleted]
China FUD whalecall long positions blowsssssss
It's time to start a physical revolution. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
