Daily Discussion, January 12, 2018
[deleted]
does bitstamp support segwit?
I am about to start investing in bitcoin. 

I know there are two different ways to fund investments: directly from the bank and using a digital wallet.

Which one would you recommend? I heard connecting it directly through your bank could be dangerous because hackers could steal bank info. 

Any suggestions?
I found my old Bitcoin wallet. I have all of $1.75 in it. I opened it about 4 years ago thinking I would invest.  Wish that I had done it then, but nothing I can do about that now. 

Thinking I'm going to put $100 (which is a lot for me) in and see what happens. 
I feel pretty good about this whole coinbase revelation. I think they are going to come across a shitstorm of angry customers. If they adopt segwit bitcoin will skyrocket. If they don't they will face a mass exodus. 
Here we are. Friday again.
TOO THE MOOOOOON!!!
: )
Any idea when will the fees come back to something more sane? I used to buy btc in small amounts (30-40$ at a time) over the course of the last year and now am stuck with them due to fees. Anyone have the same problem? 
This is the biggest borefest I've witnessed in crypto. Feels like it's been 10 years since the market made any decent move
I’m about to invest in bitcoin for the first time and I was wondering if anyone has any advice on the pros and cons of Coinbase vs localbitcoins?

I’m sure I’ve read somewhere that Coinbase charge large fees, but the also seem to have a better rate than any of the sellers on localbitcoin.  That said it won’t let me see any fees until I transfer the amount I want to spend, and as I’m planning to buy quite a bit, I’m reluctant to do it until I’m sure Coinbase is the right place.

I also heard it can take a a long time to get your bitcoin from Coinbase, whereas localbitcoin can be instant. Is the rate you buy at locked in at the time you buy?

A lot of questions, I know, but if you have answers to any of them I’d be really grateful. 
[deleted]
Is the only way to get your money out of coinbase to link up your bank account or do they send you a physical check?  Or are these both options?
I'm not trolling. But I'm seriously wondering if bitcoin will get back above 17k again? What are the time lines and thoughts? Or has btc fallen out of favor for Eth? 
Discussion point: Wallstreet Bonuses are getting announced next week, with payments following there after. How much of this money you expect to flow into crypto and BTC and where do you think that will tke the prices? 
I honestly don't understand this dipping anymore. Imo the KFC news is a signal that a huge company is doing a trial (and marketing) to permanently accept bitcoin payments. Seems to me that the manipulation is strong if this kinda news doesn't make this technology shoot up like a rocket. Sure transaction fees are an issue but this is just temporary. Really disappointing  
Bought BTC at 16k.. is it worth to:

1) hold until i make profit
2) buy more and make average cost price lower and sell if it increases again
3) sell for a loss :(
2018 Crypto Black Monday

https://redd.it/7pxg0d
[removed]
Just want to mention the kind of shady tactics used on newbs by rbtc.

I remember when I first started posting on rbitcoin I got several pms from users I'd never spoken to claiming that some of my comments had been deleted and that I should use rbtc instead because rbitcoin is censored.

I could not find any deleted comments and figured usually when someone talks to you out of the blue its because they want something.  

And this was before the massive propaganda campaign thats been going on the last 6 months.  

So stay smart, beware newbs dont be a grandma falling for a nigerian prince.
Looking good at the moment on GDAX!
need to get above 14,783 ish to get some serious upward legs?
Why does not Kraken restore the previous version of the website? 

I think that they are upgrading something else beside the website, the whole infrastructre. That's why they cannot go back. Can I be right? 

Anybody contacted them regard this?
If you mine 4 Bit coin this year what will it be worth by the end of 2018?
Sick of these terrible exchanges? Look at some alternatives http://thecryptoadvisor.net/2018/01/06/top-cryptocurrency-exchanges-of-2018/
Is the BS with Coinbase the reason why I have a transaction that hasn't even hit the blockchain yet going on 20 hours?
I have a question about LN. This is what I know:

* Opening LN channel requires on-chain entry
* Closing the LN channel requires on-chain entry
* To get BTC to actually land on my account, I need to close the channel

If I understood correctly:

So if I want to send 10$ in BTC to my friend, and neither of us has any open LN channels, I need to open a channel on chain, pay the fee, wait 10+ minutes so that channel is processed on-chain, sent 10$ with almost no fees, and then close the channel, paying fees and waiting for 10+ minutes until channel is closed?
I stumbled upon [this article](http://hackingdistributed.com/2017/08/26/whos-your-crypto-buddy/) about developers not being the ones with "the interests and priorities most closely aligned with Bitcoin users", I think the writer has some good points. But maybe the idealistic motivation is stronger in Bitcoin than in most open-source projects, so the 2nd developer generation might still be strongly motivated by that. What do you think ?

Edit: clarified.
[removed]
