Daily Discussion, January 06, 2018
I hope we can break through 17100K USD today and support there! HIGHER HIGHS!
[Dutch article, you can put it through Google Translate if you want, that says that starting on January 15th,
 when the Wall Street guys get their bonuses, "we'll see a crypto buying spree of epic proportions." Thoughts?](https://www.businessinsider.nl/wees-alert-op-nieuwe-bitcoinrally-vanaf-15-januari-dan-krijgen-wall-street-bankiers-hun-bonussen/)


Back above 17k
Hopefully the bulls/whales have just had their breakfast and we get past $17k again today. 
Will we see another wave of buying today as America wakes up?

It's 8.30am in New York right now.
Global market cap for cryptos just broke over 800Billions USD.

This is good news for anybody, not only Bitcoin.
With this latest surge today on all coins I hold (70% BTC, 30% spread over a few others, no bcash) I’ve officially tripled my crypto investment which is...significant. Not life changing, but it’s a good feeling. Not planning on selling ANYTHING any time soon so it doesn’t matter. But it’s still exciting. 
I have a little amount of btc, very little. And currently minus as I bought at ath. I bought a little more at a much lower price last week. Very close to breaking even right now. My btc is in a non segwit wallet, I want to just hodl this little amount. Should I leave it there or transfer to samourai (using profit to pay transaction fee) when I go +?
choo choo motherfucker here comes the freight train 
Has anyone used Bisq to buy bitcoin using Zelle?
Looks like America is helping us go back up again :) 
Prepare 4th rocket for launch boi$$$$$$
I hope these panic sellers chill out a bit. It's also frustrating seeing these huge sell orders at 17K. This is just the beginning. Sure BTC will dip but just climb higher.
[deleted]
Any bets on when it breaks $20k? I'm gonna say Monday...
Anybody making serious money day trading crypto?
I've seen so many rallies on Fridays (paydays) that I'm beginning to think there is a pattern. 
Anybody know of a good coin price tracking solution? Not a personal tracking solution, but a market tracking solution. Like a much more detailed version of coinmarketcap.com?  

I'd like to research some macro-level pricing trends. I'd like to see the timeline of any coin I want as well as export the data to CSV for more analysis.
Can someone explain SegWit to me? I keep hearing about it but am clueless to the topic...
Can we just stop selling, and let the beast grow?!?!?! For fuck sakes 
Did Satoshi anticipate the usability issues Bitcoin is facing as its use scales up? Specifically high transaction times? 
I have 500$ in BTC in my Exodus Wallet. It says that it will cost me 30$ in fees if i transfer to my ledger. But my ledger also has an segwit address, can i send btc from a non-segwit to a segwit address without problems?
Can anyone explain how diversifying your crypto assets does anything significant? My crypto portfolio is mostly BTC, with some ETH and LTC in there but generally the alts follow BTC is what I've noticed.
Check your paper wallets. The International Paper company disclosed a sidechannel attack vulnerability in all their paper manufactured in the last year. They've promised a firmware update in the near future.

;)
[deleted]
If you send a wire transfer to gdax today will it show up Monday or today 
Thought on today?
Who decides the difficulty adjustment for mining?
How would you recover a Bitcoin you have under an email address you don't remember? My girlfriend bought one years ago for around $250, utilizing a website she thinks was called "Bitcoin wallet". Trying to locate her email address from her Mother atm..can it be retrieved via email address?
Any idea how to know miners are less busy, thus the tranfer fee charged will be low? want to move out from Coinbase, as i can't create a Gdax acc. 

Thanks All,
Frazer

I have a Trezor and I would like to monitor the coins in those addresses via google sheet with: https://medium.com/active-income/how-to-get-crypto-balance-from-your-wallet-in-google-sheets-c79a2702a038

I have generated 4 fresh addresses with my Trezor and sent bitcoin to them.  The odd thing is that when I look at the balance of those 4 addresses, the total balance does not match the balance showing my Trezor UI.

This leads me to think there are somehow some hidden wallet addresses I'm not seeing in the Trezor UI.  I looked at on one of my test transactions and am trying to make sense of this.  I'm not sure how safe it is to post a link to one of my transactions but details are as follows:

-I had previously sent x btc to a Trezor address

-I then sent y btc (smaller than x) from my Trezor to another address 

-If I click on the y btc withdraw transaction in Trezor, it shows that x btc was sent from the original address to two 2 addresses.  y btc landed in one address I wanted to send it to (expected) and [x-y-fees] landed in another random new address (unexpected).

So it looks like instead of pulling y bitcoin out of the original address and leaving [x-y-fees] in the original address, it created a brand new address to hold the [x-y-fees].

Do I own this new address and it's just not showing in the Trezor UI?  Does anybody understand my confusion here?  
So, this is probably going to be a silly question but I have to ask.

Since BTC is generally the standard referral point of worth for Alts, why is it that when BTC goes up in price, the referral point for alts go down? And vice versa, when BTC goes down, Alts go up?


I want to stop using coinbase, but I did like the autobuy feature where I could automatically buy a set amount of bitcoin each month. Are there any other wallets/exchanges that have that?
We Back.. the phoenix has risen 
Does Anyone know if the laws for cryptocurrency are the same as it is in new york as it is in California?
[removed]
My prediction is that the price will be stable at 16,3 - 16,5 over the weekend, but will reach 19K probably during the next week.
So happy I get to be the first post of the day! Can someone tell me if bitcoin will go up or down today?
What do you think is going to happen to all the warehouses and businesses focused around mining when all 21 million bitcoins get mined?
Would you give up faster transaction speeds for higher security?
So I have a transaction stuck currently. I'm looking at moving funds in to a segwit wallet.  Is there anything to be aware of other than it potentially getting stuck? My other question is having a segwit wallet actually going to lower my fees?
Anyone here in the r/weedstocks thread? I just joined because Canadian marijuana stocks have been booming and will continue to all the way to legalization.
i just panic sold 0.2 BTC
12 hour transfer from coinbase to bitfinex and counting. Have missed several good opportunities to buy up NEO in a dip. Transfer times need to get sorted ASAP.
blockchain.info is showing $127 transaction fees . is that right?
Should i get more litecoin or etherium? Or stick with bitcoin? Majority of my account on coinbase is bitcoin.
Bitcoin hardly moving i geuss its back to alts for me
whole market is booming.fucking bitcoin doing nothing..
Any one else feel like a big sell off is coming? 
if wont hit 20K people not giving bitcoin chance grow.to much small profit taking:(

[deleted]
