Daily Discussion, January 05, 2018
16k again baby!
One of the downsides of being in this game is that now Google feeds me every news story related to crypto price activity. All the 12 hour old articles saying, "Bitcoin down! Bitcoin seeing healthy recovery!" are so useless.
Just when the Winklevoss Twins thought Zuckerberg had stopped copying them...
Is it logical to assume that there is going an improvement (segwit/lightning) to btc system that will skyrocket the price once again? Imo current only problem of bitcoin is the transaction fee+time it takes to process it.

Also is it ok to buy small amounts of btc? Like $700 and add up more money over the year? I want to HODL into 2020
[deleted]
Bitcoin showing who's boss, after the altcoin race yesterday. Respect her authorities. The matriarch is back
Honestly, who the fuck would sell BTC right now
Bitcoin went up nearly $1,500 in the past day, and my penis can't get any more erect.
I’m Ready folks. May satoshi be with you.
17k today :D
Phew! My last big Fiat purchase of Bitcoin was at $16,700 as it was coming down. I thought that was a good discounted price. So seeing Bitcoin back in good form is a relief! I didn't have any extra Fiat during the 11k dip but I'm glad I at least didn't buy at 19k. 
To the moon!
remember when people were saying btc is dead a week or two ago with the whole bitcoin cash meme? 
Korean bitcoin price is now new record high. 

It takes one month to make new record.

Very good atmosphere here.
19k will have a lot of sells from (somewhat)patient noobies who purchased at peak. 
BTC is going up again! thanks HODLers! when it go down is also good, to buy more btc!
Why does everyone have hate for (insert your hated crypto here)? 

Can't we just agree that crypto currency is the future of the world? I don't see why people think that crypto currencies are unable to coexist; yet the real world is always juggling fiat between pounds, euros, dollars, and a fuckton of other currencies already.

I love bitcoin and while *my personal belief* is it will always be the king; I think diversity could bring more good than harm.
To all my HODLers, BTC you’re still the one.  [Shania Twain] (https://youtu.be/KNZH-emehxA) on the vocals!
Hey guys, hopefully someone can help me shine some light on my situation. On December 12th I sent some bitcoin from my blockchain.info wallet to my electrum wallet with an extremely low fee of 20sat/KB (bad idea). The coins have been stuck in limbo since and it was to my understanding that it would either be eventually picked up or rejected by the blockchain within ~2 weeks.

Well it's been just over 3 weeks now and the coins are still unconfirmed and haven't been returned to either of my wallets... So I was just wondering what my options were. I'm not in a huge rush for them, I just want to know they are safe and I didn't mess anything up (which is why I wanted to move them from blockchain.info to begin with).

The TX id:

---*edited*

UPDATE: After messing around with things for a while, I ended up importing my blockchain.info seed into an Electrum wallet and tried to resend the funds through there... AND IT WORKED! As soon as I tried sending the funds from Electrum I got an two emails from blockchain.info letting me know my tx failed and that my funds were returned to me. Hurrah!
I thought the price was supposed to be dead cat bouncing a few weeks ago?! Why did reddit lie?!
I'm one of those that got in at the ATH... getting stoked as I'm getting slightly closer to breaking even! 
King is back?
South korea exchange hit new record high.
17k incoming !!!
Can someone explain why Binance TRX/BTC has over 10% bitcoin volume on coinmarketcap for the last several days? Is this here to stay or just a brief blip?
Where can I buy bitcoin now? I'm trying to avoid using coinbase since everyone says it's bad now
Can anybody explain the sudden btc spike?
Does there exist any kind of chatroom (gitter, irc etc) for bitcoin devs that isn't *too* crowded and has some decent general dev chat? 
Joined everyone on 1/3/18, I believe in the future of bitcoin and decentralization!!! BTC gains a new HODLR, long live the king!!!
[deleted]
This looks like a very good day for BTC. Id love to see 17k but Im betting we settle around 16.7k ish
price
hodling
the dip
the moon
price going up
price going down
technical analysis
price on your smart phone
price on your smart watch
Spiked $1000 in the span of a half-hour at 6:30AM Eastern. 

Looks to me like the money that was pumped into the alts made its way back into BTC. Anyone else seeing the same thing? 

If so, it bodes well for us.
I sold at at 13900 when it was dipping to 12k, I had weak hands. I didn't lose any money, but I could of gained a lot more if I just hodl'd a little longer ... let this be a lesson.
This sub is so full of hand wringing alarmist it’s crazy. The price has fluctuated between 16.2k and 15.7k for a few hours now. How is that even worth calling a dip?  Also we’ve been hanging strong above 14k for days now when so many outlets and FUD throwers said of would crash to 7-8k. Not even close. What is there to be alarmed about?  A month ago 15-16k was ejaculatory. 
10 hours for a transfer to binance and counting.  Hopefully my transfers finish today. -_-
Is anyone else thinking the BTC/BCash pairing is going live on GDAX at the peak of this pump?
BTC - Chart looks bullish! Having rejected the H&S pattern forming, and breaking through a clear resistance line, I'd say there is room to run...

https://imgur.com/a/GinR8
Whats up with korea 
Apparently it's breaking some important resistance lines...could be a fun few days! 
New ATH tonight?
bitcoin purchases unavailable on coinbase, hope that doesn't slow this down.
17k resistance still doing its best to hold off the bull
We broke 17k!
Don't cash out in USD always trade BTC<->ETH unless we are in a downtrend and looking for stable alternative. USD will probably remain the same but ETH is at the same price BTC was beginning of 2017. They're both on the same ride and it's easier to get in and out of positions between BTC & ETH without being priced out in USD.
The Asians woke up and started selling
Don't sell!

https://media.giphy.com/media/lk0TFUdop2JTW/giphy.gif
Unleashed, but calm
Sorry guys, no 17k tonight. I just bought some. 
I’m being punished for selling last night 
[deleted]
Coinmarketcap.com is showing BTC price as $16.5 K right now but when I click into the markets section, most markets have BTC around the $15.5 K price point.  What is going on with coinmarketcap?
noob question. 
I have electrum and bitstamp account. If i create electrum segwit wallet, and send btc from it to my bitstamp account (both segwit) it should be quicker and cheaper right?

But, i need to send my btc from legacy electrum to seqwit electrum, will i pay huge tx fee? if yes, i can send btc from nonsegwit electrum directly to my bitstamp, so i will save one step, for the same price?

thx
Does anyone know how the price of altcoin/bitcoin pares are calculated by coinmarketcap? For example the TRX/BTC is showing over 19k right now.
I can see clearly now the rain has gone. I can see all obstacles in my way. 
So, what's the go-to segwit address generator? I want to setup a paper wallet.
yesterday tx fees wer 100s/b now 500 s/b wtf
I wonder how many futures bets that are coming due in a couple of weeks are under water right about now.
Why on bithumb the price is 23k?
[removed]
I hope this entertains :)
Since there is no order to BTC fees ... "oh the network is busy so pay 500s / 100b" bs... 
If it is not urgent and we're talking about 20% of the amount being transferred i am interested in customising my fees....

So... after trying to so this, i ended up paying 67 satoshi for a transaction... 4 days ago.

I expect it will not go through, i meant to put in a low per 100 rate, but i put in a rate for the whole TX as 67 (super low). 
It's between my wallet and one of my exchanges, so i'm not too worried (not losing BTC), but just wondering when it will be cancelled and returned.
It would be good if you could cancel BTC transactions that have not been dealt with... right now waiting for days for the miners to reject is a pain (even if it is self inflicted).
Im so glad im seeing gains again.
How to buy Bitcoin without Coinbase? Or other exchanges?
Thank me later. 
Load up the third rocket boi$$$$
todays the first day i bought in because i wanted to buy last night when it was under 15k. Heres to 17 today
I'm hodling on to the small amount I was able to buy during the dip, but because I didn't want to buy with Coinbase anymore (plus I was blocked from buying during the insane dip) and Gemini is taking a very long time to verify my id, I missed the dip to 11k-13k. Pretty bummed about this and just wanted to share. 


Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but all BTC hodlers as of 8/1/2017 have taxable income for 2017 from the hard fork (distribution) of BCH. Further, if they sold the BCH to buy BTC in 2017, that's short term capital gains. If you later attempt to sell you BTC for usd and transfer those USD to your bank, you'll have to show that you paid this tax, as well as your original cost basis so that you can pay the remaining tax due. This is true even if your BTC are in a hardware wallet and you only ever used an exchange to exchange your BCH  for BTC without ever using your name. The problem will be cashing out to fiat when it's time to do so, and having a tax record to show. This is my understanding, as a non-tax professional. 
lets do this asia lets send this higher!!!
LTC on the come up. Watch!!
I saw someone saying somewhere that some of the other coins are not decentralized like bitcoin is. Can anyone explain that to me a little bit? I thought decentralization was one of the main features of cryptocurrency.
So I'd like to put some more money into Bitcoin, currently I have a few dollars in coinbase.. would you guys recommend putting more into coinbase or is there a better option? I invested a few months ago 
Just got into cryptocurrencies and want to buy Bitcoin but all the major exchanges that I have tried (Coinbase/GDAX, Kraken, Bitstamp, Binance, Bitfinex, Bittrex) have either disabled the option of making a new account or are taking forever to verify my account due to high trafic.

Are there ANY exchanges left out there where I can buy Bitcoin without having to wait several weeks before I can get going? 
Do you guys think we are in a range trading market ? If you look chart with 6H time unit you can see on 24th december we went to the same highest value than this night.. 
What's your opinion about this ?
Thank you Grandma! You handed down some money for paying my study depths. From the rest I bought a Bitcoin in early March 2017. I still own it but sold the fork coins to be on the save side. Good to have a Grandma who's able to support their grandchildren. 
this guy spamming the chain is serious. his shenanigans cost $5M per day and its been going on since december 8th. I noticed ethereum is recieving huge amounts of tx as well and its more expenaive than ever to use and alot of people have their transactions stuck. Its probably someone with alot of ripple.
Just wait until the market realizes that litecoin is unvalued. I cant wait to score on that too 
Every time blockfolio struggles to load/update, you know something is happening with bitcoin.
[LTC run wasn’t random. LTC will be added to major Japanese exchange. ](https://news.bitcoin.com/japanese-dmm-crypto-exchange-launch/) 
guys can we wait with this rocket until i accumulate please?
Is Asia awake yet?
I just made a quick short list of promising sides or shortcomings of bitcoin by means of investing. Could you help me to revise&add&delete items in the list? Would appreciate your opinions.

BITCOIN (BTC)
The Good:
- First and best known cryptocurrency. Posterchild of blockchain technology.
- A lot of mainstream attention in return lots of new investors
- Lightning Network has the potential to make transactions faster&cheaper on the long run
- Market leader as in market cap
- Base store coin (When there is a bloodbath in alts people run to BTC)

The Bad:
-  First generation coin
-  Wasting too much electricity power  because of proof of work
- Block reward getting halved every 4 years which means TX fee will get to rise in time
- Currently high TX fee and relatively slow transfer speed

Opinion: Long term investment coin limiting with a certain percentage of portfolio up to %50
[deleted]
Can we talk about how insane fees are currently? Blockchain.info tried to charge me $12 to send .1. Are you kidding?
***BLOCK MINING TIME OVER 35MINUTES!!!***

What is happening?
What’s with all the volume fluctuation I’ve been seeing lately? People moving money between altcoins?
[deleted]
Hi guys! I'm pretty new to Bitcoin, so I need some help. My local exchange, where I'm registered, only trades in BTC and ETH. However, I want to look into some altcoin trading in the future. Anybody have any suggestions on what exchanges I should be considering/looking at, and why? Cheers!
When trading on Binance, is there any way to completely trade all of a certain coin?  For example, it only shows trades to 3 or 4 decimal places (can't remember for sure), and forever leaves you with a very small balance in everything you trade - between the 4th and 8th decimal place.  Is there any way to get rid of those small balances, or are you forever losing out because of the rounding?
Hi guys.  Relatively new joiner to the ride.  Can anyone recommend a good iOS app that has watch complications so I can show BTC real time price on my Apple Watch?

Similar to showing a single ticker and price for stocks. 

Thank you 
[deleted]
more than $17k and still rise!

So I’m under 18 and can’t use GDAX. Is there any other exchange I can use that has no transaction fees? I’m using Binance already but I’m just looking for input.
Where can I buy bitcoin without identity verification? (Canada)
Thanks for the responses HODL it is then to the moon!
[deleted]
Buy more bitcoin and remove korean premium. 

Then no tumble again. 
Theres currently $5k discrepancy between BTC price on bitthumb and many US exchanges. Why arent people profiting?
Does anyone know how to block all the Bitcoin Trader email? I don't remember putting my email anywhere but they just keep spamming me and there is no unsubscribe in those email
|Just a couple of questions for you guys|
|:--------:|
|1) Using binance: what are the biggest downsides?|
|2) What is your favourite wallet when it comes to ease of use?|
feel free to answer either or both
I'm still not convinced a hardware wallet is safer than an encrypted wallet.dat file. Can anyone change my view?
I just saw a youtube advertisement for bitcoin. It was made by Blockchain (the company) and was actually pretty informative and didn't even mention their own services (though they did show a 1-2 second clip of their own wallet). I thought it was pretty awesome until they said that you can send transactions across the globe for only a few cents, which use to be true but is now a blatant lie.
Well guys, a little more and we are back on track.
Just sold half my altcoins to go back into daddy bitcoin. Based on TA and the stagnation of bitcoin during altcoin season this seems like a no brainer. Charting showing bitcoin hitting 25-30k in the coming weeks. Anyone agree or disagree?
[deleted]
They pumping LTC now 
In 3 days the first futures contract ends no? Seems like someone is trying to get his/hers target.
is this reason why bitcoin is rising?

https://news.bitcoin.com/japanese-dmm-crypto-exchange-launch/

Should I trade my eth for btc?
[deleted]
Got in back in September, as a broke college student.  I have invested 400$, and with everything going on in my life currently, I am going to have to withdraw soon.  Hopefully I have an opportunity to make more money with BTC in the future.
Curious, apart from BTC, what's the other altcoin you strongly believe in?

I'm mostly BTC + eth
LTC jumping like crazy! Almost 260 now
What's to stop anyone buying from GDAX, transferring, and selling on Bithumb? I doubt I know enough about this to do it but surely some people do?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Aaaaaaand its dropping again.
I've spread out my buys so this doesn't really excite me because two of those buys were FOMO at 19k and 19.2k :/ I'm still in profit but not like HOLY SHIT profit. Lets break 20k so I can be excited.
and its started dropping....
well about bloody time bitcoin produced some good news. still some more to go to fully recover from the crash.
my segwit transfer was relatively fast, but hefty $20 fee - with BTC fees remaining high, i dont see this rally sustaining itself
and its down by 300 on gdax :( 
does anyone have a link for market to open. Like asia market usa market korean market etc
[deleted]
I think Fred Ehrsam and B Armstrong's plan is to get Vitalik's Eth to reach 20k first globally before Bitcoin does. Check both their most recent tweets. Am I nuts?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Let's go - we just left orbit on to the moon boys!
Kill all the shorts!
Delusional investors are giving 17k bagholders their best opportunity to get out even or even with a small profit. Dont make the same mistake twice guys......id hate to see a bunch of people lose money because they are blinded by memes
How bad is the current congestion?

I decided to send BTC instead of ETH b/c of the ETH congestion. 

Coss > Bittrex, 0 confirmations in 3 hours.

0.01 fee.

It'll go through, probably just take a day?
YALL PLS HELP! I bought at 13k from RoFx.net...its saying my total profit in BTC IS 0.002 which is equivalent to about 40 CAD...does this sound right to you guys cause I am really confused..it when up 3k and all I've gotten is 40 CAD?!?! HOW...I initially put in 2100 CAD BTW
Looking like whales have bought their bitcoin and are getting ready to pump alts again
[removed]
Someone here need to warn everbody about of GDAX scam !! when you search for GDAX on google you get on first link their web site and  below is a link to click on BTC/USD..and GDAX links you to Bcash/USD !!!
anyone buying the trx hype?
[removed]
Over? 
[removed]
Downvote me for good luck
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
