Daily Discussion, March 29, 2018
I legit feel disgusting right now that I didnt cash out in Dec. *WHAAAT WAS I THINKING OHHH MAN*
I haven't seen anything like this in the 30 years I have been trading Bitcoin.
No need to panic; it's all good. Apparently it's very popular in Africa. 
Well the past 3 months have been a glorious waste of time and emotional energy.
I'm going to try making money by shorting Volkswagen AG.  I think their Lambo sales are going to miss projections.
The other dips were far easier to handle as they were quick to recover. This endless slow bleed is getting the better of me I must admit
Don't worry guys, people always cash out at this time of the year to pay for their elaborate April fool's prank setups.
maybe people are just giving up bitcoin for lent 
Just threw in ten bucks, therefore it will drop another 500.
Watching GDAX right now is mesmerizing.
ouch that number 6 is back
"This is good for Bitcoin"
Just bought .0404 of BTC to bring it more down. You're welcome guys! 
And lo, as Christ went down into Gehenna on Passover and rose again shortly thereafter, so did the Coin of Bits go down to the price range of 666 and will surely rise again. Yea, though we scroll through the Valley of FUD, have faith, ye of little hodlings, for verily the scriptures say that even Job was spat back up onto the shore by the very whale that had swallowed him days before.
6950, this is a proper falling knife folks,,,
One consolation: Bcash is down 20-percent today.
I FUCKED UP
Proof that buy/sell walls don't mean shit.
who else is glued to the 1-minute chart of BTC?
Came across an old screenshot of my wallet: https://i.imgur.com/GOQj1BG.jpg

Those were the days
Oh I love how depressed everyone gets on here when the price goes down. And then how euphoric the same people were when the price was skyrocketing. This is why market cycles happen, because human behavior (to a certain degree) is predictable.
Holy shit what's happening 
Markets in a free fall and I come here for the commentary and speculation, not real advice 
Wondering if I can get my horoscope read here. Seems like the right place.
sub 7. o shit.
We're on an express elevator to hell....going dowwwwwn.
We’ve seen this before.  Just not recently.  Cmon. Get ahold of yourselves 
come on down to $500!!! Daddy needs 100 coins
BUY THE DIP!!



just kidding, gtfo
'Buy the dip' is the song of r/Bitcoin since 15k. 
Rule #1: Do the opposite of what r/Bitcoin says
Checkmate hodlers: https://i.imgur.com/4BJg5GN.jpg
The one positive thing in all of this is that compared to all the other major coins Bitcoin is actually doing a lot better.  BCash is down 15% 
It's so simple. New day - new dip. Tommorow it would be about 6500$.
When is this bloody bear market going to end!!?? 
That's one big red dildo.
$6999 witnessed
aaaaaaaaaaaaand goodbye 7k
FUCK. 
Where are those ppl who said gonna jupm back in at 6.8k? 
No one is buying at 6700. Take a wild guess whether it's going up or down from here.
My plan has been and continues to be to just keep buying little bits and pieces to slowly and patiently accumulate. 
Focus on the positive - we’re up $3.20 for the day lads!


.... never mind, it dropped $25 in the time it took to type this :(
I have a feeling this will be the biggest drop by far ladies and germalmen. Yes germalmen.
Weeeeeeeee!  Going up is so much more fun than down. 
Bcash below 0.10 BTC ...  Best news of the day
at this rate 3k/4k looks possible, what amaze me is people who sell like crazy.
$6800 Damm this sucks 
How come I get the feeling that 6800 is not going to hold? Just like 8000 not going to hold, and 8400 before that? Whenever btc flirts in a price level some whales pull its pants down and expose the genitals.
Welp. Binance hit 6,666.66 lowest. Let the demons out.
I'm thinking about bailing 
and buying back in at some point later in the future (I believe in the tech)  
I also have never invested more than I can lose, but lets be honest, its silly to watch an account drain and do nothing proactive in the meantine

&nbsp;

anyone have any measured, solid advice?  
Im a bitcoin enthusiast, so plz no hate, from a purely logical/financial standpoint what would be best to do
Hi Everyone,

I trade Bitcoin at a professional trading house and these are my thoughts on the future direction of the Value of Bitcoin.

This is my second ever post so I'm a bit unsure if this is the correct area to post, please advise if I should be posting elsewhere!

I've been live trading this bad boy for a job since the price reached 3k way back when, and these are some of my observations. 

1. Although the volume is decreasing by the looks of it on coinmarketcap.com if you look at the biggest exchange that does over 4 Billion a day in size (Bitmex) there has been an increasing amount of volume done over time. (much more volume than the December highs).

2. There was a lot of momentum going from 6k to 20k with all the average people wanting to get on the train and now are left selling off what is left. Conversely there was a lot of Momentum going on the downside of the market when it went from 20k to 5.9k last month. Ever since then there has been more volume (On exchanges, where all the professional traders trade bitcoin) but less momentum as Bitcoin is still deciding which way it wants to go (to $0 or to the moon).

From my points noted above and other information I have learned about the Bitcoin market over the year I have 2 scenarios that are likely to happen. 

1. over the coming week it will slowly trickle down (consolidate for a few hours then spike down 200 points etc) until it hits $5900 USD where the support was set on February the 2nd (This most certainly will happen as we broke the supports set at $7300 recently.). My thought is that after it trickles down to that support level it will test the level, and if it holds and is able to climb above $7500 that is a significant enough double bottom to be relatively stable. We would most likely then see a consolidation period between $5900 and the double top at $11700. 

2. If bitcoin were to break below the $5900 support we are looking at another bloodbath for cryptos. The price would then be in free fall and within 2 weeks I could see it drop to below 3k and then we are set for a wild ride.

Looking at the bigger picture, however, I'm not sure of how useful Bitcoin as a currency will be to the world but I have heavy beliefe in the Blockchain technology. 

Given the Volume that is now being traded on exchanges and people the regular folks that have been burnt are starting to leave, I think it is very possible that major investors/players in the market are using this as an opportunity to increase their position in Bitcoin (Especially if it breaks below 5.9k). There will most certainly be another massive bull run, and the regular people will get excited and buy-in on Bitcoin again, will run the price above 20k and we will see another massive sell off. The big investors being the biggest winners as we see the regular folks be burnt once again.

In no means will I be correct with my predictions but I've been as infront of a screen watching every single move this beast has made over a 6 month period and have profited over 20 Bitcoin over my time. These are just my predictions going into the future. I will most certainly continue to trade this beatiful thing!!

Peace out!
Ola
Just bounced, I think. Up $500 in about 1 hour. 

To the room!!! I want to eat lamb!! 

(I've lowered my expectations)
When Bitcoin is doing well, we get lots and lots of I wish Bitcoin would dip so I can buy some, then we get Bitcoin dipping and they don't buy.  
This is like watching a friend die. 
panic, capitulation, anger, depression. The perfect recipe for a great buying opportunity. 
This is been fun ride. Keep going do not fear.
Buy and hold no quick money here. I only see scared money comments and we know how that goes. 
https://youtu.be/-vohNUTTx3A
dropping fast ...again
Heading down to below 7k
Welp atleast volume is up
[An optimistic article a day keeps the FUD away.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2018/03/28/looking-ahead-to-20000-bitcoin)
Bcash has slipped beneath the 10% of BTC mark. 

Btc doesn’t live in the 7ks. It just passes through 
here comes the 6

Wales take profit from sheeps - bloody nightmare! 
The day the Earth stood still 
Dear Bots, 

If you ever held feelings for me, you will immediately pump the market 10-15%.

Very truly yours,

X
its gonna get smashed and stops are gonna be taken out. this is a professional newbie flushing. put in a lowball bid and wait for it. It will continue to accelerate. If everyone pulls thier bids, and puts them back in to around 500 to 1000 might get a "Flash Crash Fill"
Death Cross 2000!
Is it just me or are sell orders starting to dry up? Looks pretty thin on gdax. Definitely some resistance at 6850.
I'm not making any real conclusions until/if it drops below February's low of $5,873.00 (GDAX).
ZOMG - if bitcoin craters what will people do if they're forced to hold all their wealth in inflationary currency? 
im scared that the big dump is just still to come
4 Hours Ago: It's over guys, crypto is dead. 

Now: We moon
Just remember, no matter what the situation there is always opportunity. There were a ton of people asking for cheap coins at $10k+ 

If this isn't what you wanted then maybe more careful what you wish for
BTC 24h low on Binance: 6,666.66 on good friday.

Never in my 30 years trading bitcoin have I seen this before. This is clear manipulations by the goyums alongside Satan. A very clear message to transfer the wealth to them
HODL me bros. I’m afraid
Yep. That's it. I've reached my fiat limit. Can't buy anymore dips. Now it's up to you.
ramen for dinner :( 
When people say to the moon I wonder if they realize  that we got there and now we are coming back to earth?



2 years ago bitcoin was worth 300$ in dec of 2017 it was worth 20k. We were at the moon, and if you were not on the ride and sold than you have missed the ride. 
more and more people sound scared and get out. Some left for good (or long times) and others keep telling "i will buy back at a lower price". People always say "I wish it comes down to the prix of $xxxx. I'll buy as much as I can!!". But when it dips to $xxxx people don't buy and say "nah, i'll buy at $yyyy".. But everyone seems to be doing this so the "bottom" can be very very low imo. It's a vicious circle. And when it's that low point people will be like "wtf? I'm not buying this anymore. It's worth nothing now and won't recover".... Same story goes for all TA "specialists". They keep telling everyone "$XXXX is the bottom, ladder your buys there!" .. And when $XXXX is near they say "nah, ladder your buys at $YYYY".. It's so funny to read all this shit but in reality, when you think about it and look at the bigger picture: all these calls are so stupid
My favorite part has been the community on this sub who have urged fellow members to HOLD (this misspelling is too dumb to repeat on purpose).  HOLD, HOLD, HOLD.  Please HOLD.  You will lose your money if you sell.  It will go back up (someday).

Ordinarily, I would sell when I saw the inevitable down trend.  I would take a 5-10% hit in the estimation I would save purchasing power for still lower prices.

This last time around I made a cardinal error.  And now, I am paying dearly with massive losses in opportunity and time.

I am down almost 30% on one major crypto-currency.  Now my inaction leaves me with a much more difficult decision.  Cut losses now - at prices not seen since last November and eat a couple grand in losses - or risk seeing even lower prices, prices not seen since last August.

Please learn from my errors.  If you are going to do this game of rampant speculation and insider information - you have to follow your gut, you have to ignore most of reddit, and you have act decisively.  Fail to do any of these three, and you really risk being in my position.

So.  Do I "lock in" my losses?  Do I wait out the next drop?  Do I hope for a really substantial market drop and then double down to dollar cost average my way out of this?  Honestly, I am really thinking of doing the latter... assuming this place really plummets.

In any event, I do appreciate those of you who post... and even though I have not posted for a while... I am heartened to see many of the same familiar faces...
Guy on Phone: He did it Bogdanoff!

Bogdanoff: "He Bought??!?!?"

Bogdanoff: DUMP ITTTT!!!
Guys, it’s just another healthy, slow crash. This has happened in the past and it always recovers to a new ATH. And we know that past performance is a true indicator of future successes. At least keep telling yourself that. 
I just tried to buy the dip! REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
did it died?!
This is actually starting to look like a bounce. I still don't trust it (I don't trust any rises anymore), but it sure is nice to see some green right now!
This is glorious. 
In case you need reminding to HODL and have not seen Fundstrat's Tom Lee take on current BTC level see https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-28/bitcoin-bull-tom-lee-says-hodl-on-during-slumps-for-big-gains
West Coast America - We need you today! 
All the billionaire exchange owners thank you for your kind donations
Bitcoin Value Hodl

https://www.facebook.com/DollarVigilante/photos/a.331034496908987.91181.129995207012918/1949725001706587/?type=3
No big dips today just straight downward movement. 
steady 10k seems like a distant memory now 
I plan on selling my bitcoin from coinbase does anybody know if it will reach my bank account faster now that the new transfer thing came out?
Finally able to buy a lambo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbZg36jD2jU 
As I understand Bitmain has about 30% of the bitcoin mining pool.  What would happen if they just pulled the plug and stopped mining.  Would the blocks be 30% slower until difficulty is reset?
Holy Shit. That was a crazy drop.
bitcoin always makes us bend down and suck it 
JUST
lol up and down like its nothing
7,000 is the new 8,000 anyways! I don't care about the price! /Tears
It's going back up. Buy now or regret. 
Come on bears, let the bulls play now. 
Could it be that the sell off is  partially due to many of us needing some cash to pay taxes?  I know my husband and I have been delaying even filing because it will be a hefty bill.   We held some cash to pay, but might still need a bit more.  Really don't want to sell any coins right now though. 
bitcoin has been very good to me and
looking to in crease my coins
need some cash
does any want to buy 10,000 bee hives 
or 10 ton of honey
Buy orders on gdax looks thick so much buying potential 
what the fud today for this  deep?

next step: losing 100MM of marketcap
On gdax, what is considered a high volume? I used to think 20k btc was a lot, but now looking at it I see it’s about 37k atm.
where's bottom? 5k?
Of course I sold at the ATL. It's like it knows!! 
Pretty long winded stay at 6800 on the countdown to 6k
I heard something about a moon? Anyone know where I hitch a ride?
When futures end??
Whales want to trap your paycheck guys ;) 
So watched most of Pacific rim and noticed we bottomed out a bit in price
Tomorrow night is full moon.
sold at 7150 for a little bit...
That huge buy wall at $1, that’s me.
Its 6k and nobody is buying it. No new money is coming in. Bag holders are the only ones who are left.
I do want to point out that currently analysis of orders shows that the whales are selling and the small guys are buying. Not really a great omen.
i cant take this anymore!
Fucking whales stop messing with my head. I been waking up depressed for 3 months 
Jesus is coming back Sunday and he supports BTC. Buy now or forever be poor.
pump to 7.4k, steady decrease to 7.1k -> pump to 7.3k -> decrease to 7k


[deleted]
It’s over, we’re on the way back up 
We're at my target. A bounce back anytime soon now would be nice.

K thx.
Bought  $500 worth for the first time at $6,850 a couple hours ago.  Then I saw it keep on going down and down. While I only "lost" like $17 for a very short period of time, that shit was scary as hell.  Now I'm back to break even.

EDIT: Now at $7118, I'm $17 richer! Thanks bitcoin!
Welcome to gambling. Remember the house always wins
Right now people are cashing out to buy Easter presents, the same thing happens every year
You fuckheads need to CHILL THE FUCK OUT!!
Still HODLing. But I'm not sure how much more of this I can take.
Just opened up a coinbase account and bought Bitcoin for the first time because a friend said it was really low, hope it goes up by the end of the year!!
Man I love 2018! 
Anybody notice that all YouTube channels about crypto are off for a while? 
Man I should have sold a long time ago...it's gonna take a while to come back up
Cheap coins for payday. Perfect.
BTC value is based on belief, just like any other currency.  So, lets all join hands, close our eyes, stop worrying and start believing.  (Cues Journey Song).  I'm not gonna lie, I'm frightened, but hodling.
I'm just over here HODLing like whatever. . .
If this goes to zero will my cars and house still be paid off? Will chicks still let me ATM if my bitcoins are worthless?
I kinda got used to and grew fond of these things.
Im scared.
Sell time
This is frustrating. I want to go back to to 11K . 
What needs to happen? I understand we can't have a bull run everyday but the daily FUD shouldn't be this big of a deal same for any news from China. It's early 2018 I think it is too soon to call Bitcoin or cryptocurrency dead just yet. I understand the fad has passed which is fine. I'd rather the people who want this to work out be here anyway. Hope that April brings welcome change. This is not a get rich quick scheme but I do see it as a chance for folks to escape poverty and improve their QOL and that is something I want to support :/
Look on the bright side. Shitcoins are crashing way harder than Bitcoins. 
Tempted to buy ;)
The price of bitcoin reminds me of that luda song "How low"

* Bitcoin could go lower than I ever really thought it could,
* Portfolio down, FUD up!
* The top of ATH had me jiggling out my jeans,
* I had to pull my pants up,
* I liked it when I seen you ATH,
* Better then I see it these days,
* A lot of nocoiners drop to the ground,
* But how low can you go?
* Lower then I ever seen in my life time,
* Never would've imagined these low levels not even in my right mind,
* Practice crying in front of that mirror,

* I could go low, (Go low) lower than you know,
* Go low (go low) lower than you know,
* Go low (go low) lower than you know,
* Go low (go low) lower than you know
Lol at the idiots day trading bitcoin (or other cryptos)
Thinking it's going to double bottom at close to February's lows. Look for the soldier candles. 

There's no need to be the first to buy, the upside is so big don't get all greedy and shit over a few %. Watch for the big volume to pick this up on double bottom, after that I think it starts another uptrend again. 

Don't quote me bro. 
Hands up everybody 
What the hell happened to Bitcoin today? 
Bitcoin is fucking IMPLODING right now
Stay calm and HODL. The more this thing breaks down, the more coins pass from weak hands to HODLers taking the coins out of rotation and building their stacks. Then moon.

It's an honour to be with you, gentlemen. 
wth is happening to bcash
wtf  going on?
Guys do you think the current dip is due to the futures contract or the news of two japanese exchange shut down, or both?
Question... If everyone activly traded and increased the volume of the market would this give the whales less abaloty to buy down the price since there would be way more volume  at the various price levels?
Is the lightning network live or not?
Only two days left for March to be good. Just 133% away from good.
Let's play Mad-Libs Cyrpto Edition: Let's not even kid ourselves about the price going up again until it hits ___^number__ .
what a tragic green candle this is...hope it don't tombstone the gang in these last 5 mins
We all expected a huge green dildo, but got a series of small dildos in succession.  I know a lot of people who are bigly happy with that.

Donald.
Can someone tell me what to do with my money I earned by buying altcoins in January this year ? 

Edit: Jokes aside. I had lost serious amount of money (more than 60%) since I invested in Jan this year. Hopefully there is time in the future where we all are able to recover our lost money. 
If you're curious to see if history repeats itself keep an eye open on the [MA300](https://www.tradingview.com/x/qZ31APTQ/) line [blue] . 
*Seeking Advice* 
I bought into BTC in Jan. 18'. I invested $1K, and now the value is half my original investment. With the current state of BTC, what would my best course of action be? 
They're trying to shake you out. Who's they and did they tell you that?
Cue the 300 Spartan Bitcoin video
im excited to see when wales buy everything like they did when btc hit 5.9k. there was a 1k pump immediately
ahh, the classic dump and pump.
https://youtu.be/7I_FHQWRuj8
Easter sale is on guys...
Bitcoin - where your dreams become nightmares.
Bitcoin’s getting interesting again 
We are definitely going to test the $6,000 low. Will likely get some type of bounce off of it. Whether that bounce hodls or not, is hard to say.
K
You know what word I have seen a lot of lately? "Hodl"
Don't fomo in yet guys ;) Lol
I gotta day now that my bitcoin is sold I’m worrying about other things like what’s up with the upvotes on this chat people? I upvote when I see good comments pass it along my fellow cryptopians.
Imo takes balls to sell now.
Did we just witness a mini bear trap? 
Turns out $7000 is pretty cheap Bitcoin.
If nothing else, it’s moving lol. 
Weeeeeeeeeeee!

This is like skiing
there are pirates version of trezor?, any risk of buying one used?
https://orig00.deviantart.net/51ac/f/2014/263/0/5/fnaf__well__we_re_fucked__by_shinyblueditto-d7zxt2k.jpg
I need a shoulder to cry on.
Massive rekt, all lost 
TWO MORE WEEKS ATLEAST FOR DOWNWARD MOMENTUM!!!
Here we'll see the tenacity of the hodlers. They fended off the drop below the 6.8k level... will they do it again though?
Please staph.
Look at this, somebody come look this
Rise / Pump INC
I sold, Now they will take the money out and dump it to buy again from low
If the whales get the amount of money they are expecting then the price will drop and if not the price will rise.
Well, is this it? Is this the bounce?
BTC could go as low as $3,000 in the next week or two if we don’t see a move to a reversal of this downtrend we’ve been stuck in.
Trace Mayer: expect a crypto winter 3k probable

Remember all the "hodlers" did sell a shitton at the top

Their goal is not for BTC to increase in price but them being able to acquire more.

They played with the mainstream and if you bought thinking you would retire soon you are in for a world of pain
History has shown that once an asset class bubble bursts, it never recovers to become a bubble again —there are rarely any "second chances", if any at all.

Paradoxically, a volatile and rapid appreciation of a currency, is a failed currency. By definition, currencies are supposed to be recognized, accepted and stable mediums of exchange for goods and services —not just another speculative boom-bust asset class driven by speculative mania like art.

Cryptocurrencies can only be considered for adoption once corporations, governments and charities deem the asset class as stable. However, speculators and traders desire anything but stability and thrive on the volatility of 10% intraday price swings —the demographic here are experienced pre-millennial traders from other asset classes, whom quite frankly are careless in regards to the future of cryptocurrencies. So, the demographic 'invested' in cryptocurrencies are the millennials whom have a pseudo-understanding of cryptography and blockchain given their affinity to technology; but with a lack of trading experience and anti-establishment views, they simply adopt a unidirectional mentality, i.e. 'hodl', in the vein that prices will perpetually rocket to the moon.

Its a classic case of where the millennials know the price of everything, but the value of nothing. Real-world intrinsic value will be set by the 'whale' pre-millennials.

So who actually has any altruistic concern about the future of cryptocurrencies? Nobody. Hence, the bubble bursts. The ALT/BTC tokens are the epitome of manipulation and fraud.

Cryptocurrencies are a speculative side implementation of legitimate blockchain technology. Use of blockchain such as distributed ledgers for say the Asset Servicing areas of investment banking are genuine solutions. Once legitimate uses of blockchain are adopted as real-world applications, its then likely a second generation of cryptocurrencies may emerge as stable alternatives to fiat with greater adoption.

Quite possible that the likes of Google, Microsoft and Amazon lead the way with the next generation cryptocurrencies by acquiring the current players. In comparison to a mobile farm in rural China, cloud mining with say Microsoft's Azure decentralised platform with their vast, secure and robust datacentres is most technically feasible and trustworthy.

—If the costs of mining begin to outweigh, then Bitcoin could cease to exist along with the current generation of other cryptocurrencies.

—Not all speculative asset classes have survived their respective bubble bursts, especially non-tangible ones.

—Technology, algorithms, software & hardware are short-cycle lifespan industries, subjected to rapid price depreciation and obsolescence. 

—If Bitcoin does survive, price volatility would have to subside for adoption, and it must begin to behave like a stable currency as opposed to boom-bust cycles akin to a speculative asset class. Therefore, its success as a currency and survival would be paradoxically tied to no further parabolic price appreciation curves. 

—Cicso, the darling of dotcom stocks, the backbone of the Internet, has yet to recover from its parabolic price collapse 20 years on; chart: https://i.imgur.com/zA1L0pz.png

Since inception, the price of Bitcoin and mining complexity have been been parabolically twined. 
However, since late Dec 2017, price has more than halved whilst the difficulty of mining remains increasingly complex.
Is this divergence between price/complexity sustainable economics, whether altruistic in pursuit or incentivised?
In other words, would you work harder and for longer whilst your salary decreased? Ask the Virginia coal miners.

Price: https://i.imgur.com/dkb0Reh.png
 
Difficulty: https://i.imgur.com/52I6yOz.png

Historically, when any asset bubble bursts, the unravelling bear market typically lasts 2 years on average (from peak price to ultimate low); and usually erases approx 90% in value (thebubblebubble.com/historic-crashes).

Applying the metrics to the cryptocurrency bubble, it would suggest Bitcoin between $850 and $2500 around 2Q2019.

____
**^Roadmap: ^https://i.imgur.com/Fzz5Coy.png**

**^Bear ^Market ^Resumes: ^https://redd.it/7z8u6n**

**^#10kNeverAgain: ^https://redd.it/842ssd**


Why are we panicking when we will likely soon have a prime opportunity to buy and have nothing but good news looking ahead?

Everything seems well and fine to me, my only concern is the fact that everyone else is concerned.

Did you guys really think that something can go from 800-20k in a year and not drop back down? We're still at 7k which it practically unheard of and now we know the potential for btc to at least hit 20k 

All I see are reasons to buy.
Guys I give up. This is going to shit
Bitcoins dead 😂
just bought some bitcoin
this is bottom mark my words

I'm not scared, I'm gonna slap down small manageable buys every "dip" for the next month and see what happens. :) 
Blame the futures markets.  We all thought the start of futures trading would be good for bitcoin bringing in institutional and retail investors.  But we were wrong, and almost immediately negative futures began to bring down actual bitcoin prices.  It doesn't matter that bitcoin futures are settled in dollars and not bitcoin.  Futures move markets.  And big institutional money, like banks, hate bitcoin, think its overvalued, and throw futures money at it to intentionally bring it down.  We also know they hoard enough actual bitcoin to sell and push the exchange bitcoin markets lower timed with the closing dates of futures contracts.  Its been working.  And its kind of an attack.  Who are these futures investors?  Not our usual family of crypto hodlers and traders.  Its not bitcoin whales or Core or the millions of little guys out there buying fractional amounts of bitcoin.  Its not Africans trying to gain stable currency or Venezuelans trying to carry money to food and medicine markets across borders.  Its not college kids.  Its big, bank and institutional players, hedge funds and guys looking to make money bursting the "bubble".  They're driving the price down intentionally.  Not to buy huge positions.  They only buy what they need to crash the exchange markets strategically.  Their long term plan is to bust the crypto market. 
I've been following [this chart](https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/YRZvdurN-The-target-of-current-bubble-lays-between-40k-and-110k/) since November and it's accuracy so far has been astounding. I guess the next few days/weeks will be the real test...
Buy now or wait a couple of days?
Price will skyrocket to 10k leading up through the weekend, and Sunday BTC will say APRIL FOOLS!!! I'm worth 4,5k. Holla~
this abcde guy, predicting btc to hit 10k never again with his ridicolous TAs, is probably jerking off as fuck right now 
Bitcoin is like a bleading black Cat right now, don't get too close, my arm is full of scratches
[deleted]
hang boys, we might be going to 5k
Want to develop nerves of steel? Buy BTC and stay glued to GDAX 24/7 and HODL!! Drops like this hardly phase me anymore...
[deleted]
I wonder what prices will be like on Good Friday 
Can't wait to see 5900, just for lulz at this point
8.6k still holding strong. 
Tether is about to pump bitcoin back up soon, making money on all the suckers.
6.5k is the buy in. Wait for it.
Nice cheap coin available this weekend 
So, I couldn't help but notice a large influx of week old reddit accounts with the most depressing opinion on Bitcoin I have ever seen - crash or not.

Interesting...
What was our low in feb? $5900k? Anything lower than 6200k, the RSI will go lower than 30. And the RSI has only gone lower than 30 twice. Big pump is inevitable at the level. Do your homework noobs!
congrats baghodlers
Goodness. Lots of negative people here today. I’m ready to buy at a discount! 
6425 is next support. Bounce from there then continue to around 4725
[removed]
Meh... the sooner we get to 6k the sooner we can get back to ATH. And the sooner trolls can get back to manning the glory holes at their local truck stop.
Wtf is happening guys
Bitcoin is the biggest scam out thefe
You're not going to like this much.  But I blame a lot of these problems on Ver's lying Bcash project and the doubt and confusion it has caused.

BCash is now perilously close to the psychological barrier of being worth less than 0.10000000 BTC.

When that happens, the ASIC miners will panic and sell their Bcash holdings, Bcash's price will collapse and trust me - we will again see erect green dildo's all over the charts - led by BTC.
C'mon Bcash, go under 0.1 BTC - you're so, so close.

Once you're finally dead, crypto will recover.
Hodl On Despite Logic 
[deleted]
The fundamental value of the technology is increasing with many innovations such as Lightning, Merkle trees and Schnorr signatures. The price is volatile but if you stay for the long term you should care about the technology.
Come on short squeeze
Catching knives is for fools and circus folk
Scrap Easter and put all your money into Bitcoin.  
Tension is rising. Who will win? The "red bears" or the "green bulls"?

https://imgur.com/a/ZWTns
Just dropped under 6000 euros.

The sky is falling. 
For anyone in this sub who's still serious about this, we're continuing to follow the wall street cheat sheet, look it up

Im fairly new to BTC... some of the terminology I get, but for some reason I can not find/understand what a red dildo and green dildo mean in terms of BTC... could someone cue me in?
Was just skimming through /r/btc. Here is their great idea with how to deal with 0-conf. Lie to merchants and mislead them into believing that unconfirmed transactions are actually confirmed. https://np.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/87ym3g/the_case_for_renaming_zeroconf_to_simply_verified/

Here is a quote from the article
>Even if we fixed the non-existent double spending on zero-conf, it still looks untrustworthy to a merchant currently unless they know a lot about Bitcoin. (It's a presentation problem)

>This is just being in the shoes of the merchant. Zero-conf sounds like NOTHING has been verified.

>I know it's cheating a little bit, but I think naming 0-confirmation to simply "verified" will go a long way to changing this perception.

>To me as a merchant, if you say "verified" but 0/3 confirmations that's good enough for me. I get that it's not 100%, but it's good enough. When you say it's just 0/3 confirmations or zero-conf, it just says to me the transaction is not done at all.
I think we just experienced capitulation and a new bottom.  Buckle up 
Today should weed out all the panic sellers.  A lot of money on the sidelines waiting for the bottom.  Tomorrow will be a good day.
HODLL!!!!
rip bcash, roger needs to pump that shit again
One more day till the death cross happens! I'm so excited. :)
We are giving away all our secrets the sharks are reading this forum (rubbing their hands together greedily).
BTC is getting low, like poon tang
People shouldn’t be selling they should be using it. 
Any chance we hit 6k by this weekend?
People in the world are deciding whether to buy:
-cheap bitcoin 
-cheap (or cheaper) stocks due to the slump
-go into bonds, keep cash, gold etc.

There's likely a recession coming. Where to place your bets? I like bitcoin, personally. I think it can still grow to a market cap of $1 trillion in the next 10 years, which would be an annual growth of about 50% compared to 10% for stocks.


Today we get crucified tomorrow we resurrect I am still confused about April fools and how that fits in.
who wears short shorts
[deleted]
Ahhhh, so annoying that I have no fiat available for the next one month to take advantage of this dip😠😠😠 (tempting to buy using a credit card, but I won't play with the money I don't have yet)
It will drop same way it gone up, Bitfinex freeze the exchange when it goes up sharply, they are so annoying they don't let anyone to buy in this uppish move 
What a fucking shitty way to wake up 😞
Easter Bunny just told me we could see $9000 by Monday lol
This is the best time to buy. 
Who is still selling ? Are there still weak hands after 3 months ? How can you sell bitcoin at 7K ... grow a pair
It’s time to get the titanic memes out
Everybody FOMO!

The dip is over. You heard it here first.
Honestly why are people still buying? The whales are stalling the crash so they can collect your money on the way down. Just let it get to the bottom you dopes, then if you’re really still interested in wasting your money you can throw it away then
I pledge not to sell any of my bitcoin Hodl stack (90% of total stack) until it hits my moon (at least 100k in my case) no matter the price.    Please sign pledge (reply) and upvote if you agree to similar.    We fish must unite against the mischievous whales.  We take their coins they will eventually lose or join us. 

Here is a link to my standalone thread as well:

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/887k18/pledge_to_hodl/
Now its clear that the whales are just dumping and milking the dump while theyre at it. I wish they would quit. This isnt even weak hands at this point it is just the freaking whales.
An entire new type of economy is being built around crypto.  Huge money to be made.  Its a better system.  They can't crush or ruin it - only slow it down.  Which isn't too much of a bad thing right now as it gives more time for development
its fucking over lol. wew lad
If it crashes to 1 dollar or if it takes off again to 20,000 dollars who cares, its just money.  
Dead cat bounce!
Selling to rebuy lower, no it won't "bounce", at least the way you think
Omg sellll sellllllll! We are all going to lose everything. Cut your losses. It's too fast. Death spiral. Bitcoin is done! No more fun. I just shit my pants! Holy fuck what a rush!!! I come in socks. 
[removed]
Oh dear...
How do people keep track of what is affecting the price? Are there websites or places that try to make sense of what might be happening. Seems completely random to me which makes me cautious about buying. At least with stock market it's based on indicators, expectations etc. 
feedmebtcredditor posted
'I only buy when I'm really scared to do so. Paid off well so far.'
Soon enough all the Big holders of bitcoin will milk this enough to have all the coins split up among the elite crowd then they can trade one another with something that has only power trip value. I would assume you want others to buy in and stay in but its not seeming that way anymore
Out of curiousity, what are your BEP's at? (I'm at $8,147.30 for BTC)
Buy orders at low 7k are insane. Don’t think it’s going to make to 6k :( dammit haha
Tulips. This market is over. Has been since $16k to $8k. Daytrading might work with this amount of volatility, but this price chart is diving to china. Still no reasonable underlying valuation since day one.
just wondering... I have been watching the market for several months now and every drop has a reason behind it (hacks, mtgox sell, false news, you name it...) can we blame this drop solely to the FUD created by the banning of crypto ads by social media?
All moving averages show that market sentiment is still in *strong sell* mode on a daily basis. I don't want to influence anyone but in my opinion if you get in now you're taking an unneccessary risk. Which may pay, sure, but on the long run if a trend reversal is imminent [in term of days] there's not much difference between buying now or at 8k.
I hope another crypto becomes relevant enough to be able to give some stability to the market...
Round and round it goes^Where does the corn stop^Nobody knows
So what is behind all the FUD???
Even though it was mainly selling at least we have more volume right now
Someone make it stop, it's illegal to deprive me of my funds
everyone hopes that it wont drop below that critical point but you know it will like always
Wait don’t jump just let 
I don't want to see that number 6 again pls
everyone seems to be a bit panicking today 
https://youtu.be/DTZJmTuutx0
Got to take the rough with the smooth.
Futures. Lol. Oppression
Bought at 600 ,bought at 19000, and will not sell  cheap. Only will sell at 1,000,0000 $
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=593&v=gfkts0u-m6w
6750 lol
hahaha <3 it was like rocket start :D 
I don’t understand these spikes and huge falls. 
Speed Bump
Ready for the new day thread 😥
Bears will eat you.
Anyone who's feeling bad right now remember this: It's never too late to sell everything. It's a much better show when you have 100% fiat on an exchange cheering on those bloody red candles. Go ahead, end the pain and look forward to bright future of cheap coin.
[deleted]
I'm crying for bitcoin right now because if it goes below 7k it may never come back up
Good time to buy!
I need to watch one of those videos where they proclaim BTC will hit 1 million....
In all seriousness, don't forget these bear markets are nothing new.  Believers, HODL!
So the whale market manipulation continues... 

Yawn.  

They are just trying to drive the price lower and lower to make it more appetizing for the upcoming institutional investors.   They want you to keep panic selling.  Don’t fall for it.  Hodl your coins!  Good things will happen to bitcoin this year. 
I'm going to explain the situation to you:

- the market only went from 20 billion to 800 billion in under a year 
- I mean, despite memecoins being accepted nowhere as real payment, the crypto market was ONLY worth more than Google itself 
- dogecoin was only worth a measly 2 billion dollars
- Bitcoin only became completely unusable without paying huge fucking fees 
- we only had every normie ever investing and we also had constant segments on the news dedicated to us 
- now that all the smart people dumped ATH, the normies are only dumping their bags at an 80% loss (Why didn't they HODL like us?)

It's a mystery as to why crypto didn't continue going exponential forever and ever.
Where you all at now? LOWERRRRRRRRRRRR. BITCORN IS DEEEEEEAAAAAAAAD.
Road to 3 k
1rd
I'm taking bets. 2:1 BTC breaks 5900 support. Who's in?
Its just a healthy correction guys
big green dildo incoming
see you at 6.8k

I'm pulling that number out of my ass
found the bottom...
Any opinions? 'They' are shorting, squeezing out all the profit w/ lower highs, lower lows, to as low as possible to buy the floor, then will let it run up to 100K plus. I see a lot of smarter traders and long time BTC'ers now speculating that HOLDing is a mistake....cause it basically allows 'Them' to fleece what little new money is coming in, and leave the rest of us as bag holders, while accumulating w/ sophisticated PA and bots. I hear the 1-3K number tossed around a lot as a real possible floor. Anyone think this is overstating? I know it makes mining unprofitable, but it doesn't ruin BTC, just seriously consolidates and flushes out more little guys. Can anyone give me a good reason to sell at a loss, transfer everything over to alts, or just long term HOLD for the next year, despite a possible 95% retracement? How much leverage does WS and CBOE shorting have against the Libertarian, Cypherpunks, and general public? Certainly not as much as they would have everyone believe, but dips are definitely coordinated with bad news, and Unnatural huge drops, that look like obvious market manipulation, and trigger all the traders to sell down.
 discount coins Woo 
While everyone else is in fud im gonna be buying the bottom
This kind of drop is normal, it only seems more grand because of the price range were at now
Pure and senseless retardation.
Don’t expect a bounce of 6K. Probably heading to 4-5K
Anyone else eying for 6k? This will essentially create a double bottom, matching the double top when bitcoin was 11.5k.
[deleted]
I mean, I feel you gotta at least spend a little something on this "dip".
Now comes big pump to about 7700 and than again dump and slow downward trend continues..
Such a nice discount for the holidays
Reddit no longer accepts bitcoin as a payment method. This could be another contributing factor to lower value.
HODL HODL!!!!!
If 50 days MA will start to go curly upside that will be extremly bullish and btc will probably  hit 100 k by end of the year
It went from 5800 to 11.8 in a week last time it did this. I AINT SCAREDDDD
Is scared
A good summary of what's happening: https://medium.com/@super.crypto1/4th-dimension-bitcoin-manipulation-cartel-can-it-be-burnt-no-way-c53de65c166a
Upwards and onwards! 

Just in time for the end of the future contracts.
6xxx coming fast, strap your selfs in we are going for a ride.

brakes on 100$ support wall stops the fall
Huh, lol. It's going to 200$ so fast. 
lol what is happening? Any news that caused small rise?
where is goldbergger? we need his predictions...
Everyones starting to get into the anger phase, make sure to catch the bounce
Capitulation?
No worries. Think long term. 
Shorting time 

So after touching $6999 it's now shot up to $7190. I'm wondering if it's because the clever investors know it wouldn't have gone any lower so jumped back in for the run upwards?
HODODLLL
Fuck you bears. 
[deleted]
Okex will rollback futures 
picking up speed to the downside on GDAX now, thats right just let go.........
If u look at feb 6, its not done falling but suddenly it pumps up, can anyone explain?  
Like how whales put 50 coin buys when everybody got filled down to 6620.. all they gotta do is cancel and we freefall back. So helpless no more retail
[deleted]
Please stop the FUD guys. If you see FUD report to the mods so they can delete it. We’re at the start of a bull run.
Why is everyone still buying Bitcoin? Keep selling and stop buying please. Let it fall to the bottom finally and then we can only go up. Thanks.
Please sell while you can
Whenever I feel down that my portfolio of bitcoins is only up 1000% from when I bought them years ago, I reflect on those who bought into the game at about 20000 usd. I then feel a bit better as I lie on the beach in Thailand with my new girlfriend who promises to love me long time (again) as we drink cocktails brought to us by someone who could be her twin sister. Yeah crypto sucks!!
And here we are, 1D Stoch RSI is now entering the oversold area. Here's the plan: I'll be half in *tomorrow*, if this 7500-ish is the bottom, good, I'll use the other half to buy more when the trend is *clearly* reversed. If this is not the bottom, whatever, I'll use the other half to buy the "true" dip, provided I'll be able to catch it. Don't take any of this as advice, in the end it's all about gambling.
strong people hdol whatever the btc price is HODL!!!! stupid people sell
Wall street continues to bet on futures lower than price atm.  Whales that are betting on that future price are the ones dumping to make their futures pay off.

They broke 7800 bot wall.

7500 twitter ceo and McAfee auto buy preventing it from further manipulation downwards.


How long this will last.. nobody knows.  I think if it can hold at 7500 until tomorrow we will see it raise to 9200 and then be retested at 8250.

Otherwise. 6200 new bottom
We will end this day well in the green
Red dildooooooo
everyone ready with their wallets and jumping to buy more at the bottom ? .....
I honestly need to get some more cash together. I thought my chance to by big quantities of bitcoin were over. This might be a chance to buy a whole coin for a few thousand.
The price of bitcoin reminds me of that luda song "How low"

* Bitcoin could go lower than I ever really thought it could,
* Portfolio down, FUD up!
* The top of ATH had me jiggling out my jeans,
* I had to pull my pants up,
* I liked it when I seen you ATH,
* Better then I see it these days,
* A lot of nocoiners drop to the ground,
* But how low can you go?
* Lower then I ever seen in my life time,
* Never would've imagined these low levels not even in my right mind,
* Practice crying in front of that mirror,

* I could go low, (Go low) lower than you know,
* Go low (go low) lower than you know,
* Go low (go low) lower than you know,
* Go low (go low) lower than you know

Sing it with me!!!!
traders pull your bids, let it fall, lets get it on the cheap. pull the bids way way down low...if you're hodling it don't matter....let it flush get it over with.

This is just people selling off, happens every April
[removed]
It will not go lower than $7k today. This dump is the result of shorted futures contracts expiring today. I would wait until after the weekend to buy, as it will go lower. We will see a huge jump towards the middle of April, likely back into the 12k range.
Anyone who doesn't see the connection to the price drop and the stock market / forecasted coming recession , needs to read more.

try googling "federal reserve phillips curve" or "federal reserve interest rates" to understand why everyone thinks a recession is coming.

Personally, I think bitcoin will survive a recession ok in the long haul. How has bitcoin done in previous recessions?

During the great recession, the price of bitcoin was: $0.00 (2009). How's it done since then?
I really hope it stays this low so I can buy when my direct deposit hits tomorrow. Accumulate accumulate... this might end horribly but here is no way it doesn't get manipulated up to $100,000 before it does.
RSI on almost every time frame shows oversold.  I feel a bounce is eminent.  How big?  Who knows, probably not enough to wet my appetite.  After bounce, continue downward.

Just my opinion...
I don't see any support until 6k
I saw a lot of calls for 6k to be the bottom.

I'm not saying btc will rise with Easter but if it does I'd be so stoked.
Can't wait till bitcoin hits 5.5 or 6k , gonna get some on a discount. 
hmhmh 69
Dead God, put bitcoin below $5000. So I can afford a small number of sats.
Volume isn't as high as the crash in Feb.
[deleted]
**Anatomy of the Equinox Ebb**

**https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2711461.msg33492574#msg33492574**
bull will comes again. 
Now most investors comes from South Korea but week hand.
US institutions investors cannot enter at this time.
China regulation limited new money come in.
I bought $300 more, so we are going to dip soon for sure. Sowwy, guys. :(
All are selling now, because they thought this is the final dip, but they don't know we are still in Bearish cycle, jump of 400 usd doesn,t mean the end of bearish cycle. As of weekend heading when trading volume decrease and price take another dip, smart people make smart decsion
dont sell dont worry it will go up to 20  next month
Update from my mom (who called me yesterday asking about Lightning Network). She has now started helping her friends spin up LN nodes using a few old PCs their kids had. So far the hardest part has been getting Ubuntu going (luckily I’m able to text her commands and formatting so her syntax is good). They’re all planning an outing to their favorite quilt shop next week (the quilt shop accepts LN!) and they’re excited to pay with their btc. Bullish!
That's it. Bottom just in. You can buy now. 
As i TOLD YOU GUYS IT WILL DROP BACK BADLY
[removed]
Whales still milking weak hands... Money to be made.
I guess there are some suicides in thread, RIP HODLERS.
All these big investments coming to the crypto world... They must not be paying attention to the price. Bitcoin is done for good. Listen to the guys telling you to pack it in.

/s


This is just a healthy correction as Bitcoin was overbought and alot of hype in nov/dec last year
Huge bull run incoming from news on mainstream LN acceptance. Buy before it’s too late!
Maybe the Big Players will ruin Bitcoin. I have the feeling that at the moment they can make what they want. They can push and pull the price. They can be the Bull and the Bear. They want their profit. And i think they don't want to have a lot of Millionär beside them. The idealist want to give Africa a currency for everybody..... But a rich Africa.... that not what the west states world want to. 

BTC was hooked up to the financial system... sorry boys but the unlimited gains party is long gone....  only true hodlers will survive and profit... it’s gonna be tough as fuck
this dip isn't very volatile 
#bitcoinkills
Walk away for a half hour and miss the dip. 
dead cat bouncing?
This is why you trade from BTC to USDT when BTC is high and then trade back from USDT to BTC at these prices and make a shit ton of money on the way back up :)
Thats the bottom. promise. i asked.
Right into the hands of small buyers 
ot cant go lower than this hodl
Lovr how they just raise or drop price with like 5 coins 
these sidewards trends havent been good the last days, no breakout to expect, morelikely downwards
[removed]
Anyone heard of a quarter, look forward to next quarter 
How are you guys so optimistic? I hate to be the Bitcoin-pessimist but all the recent Bitcoin trends over the past year are following 2013 verbatim. I predict Bitcoin will of course recover but it will be a very long time, like 2021 for it to get back to 20K. It doesn’t seem like whales are manipulating the price. With whales, the price of Bitcoin takes a nosedive and Bitcoin has been in steady decline all week. This is not whale-like behavior. All the reason I see to sell and not HODL. And who really knows what the F John McAfee is doing with his Bitcoin? He might be selling more than anybody; we live in a twisted world. I think Bitcoin will fall to $6000 and then stay in the $6-10K range until June where it takes a further nose dive down to $4K. Of course, I’ve been wrong many times before and not the best trader. But, I’m making my basis off 2013 trends which would lead you to believe...lots of decline and stagnancy are ahead.
Banks on my country are closing exchange accounts. 

Can't wait for the day that banks die, slowly and painfully. 

Anyone here buying Bitcoin from spectrocoin using credit card?. 
LOWERRRRRERREEERRR. IT'S OVERRRRRRRRRR.
[removed]
for those who slate TA, have a look at the trend line (which I drew myself) and look how we bounced off from there.- precisely. I am not saying we can't go lower, but it is a resistance point.

https://ibb.co/jjS35S

Admit that this market is full of bots and TA plays a big role. Denial is futile. Learn it and make up for your losses through a bit of trading.... 
Bye bitcoin, thankfully I invested early, good profits still...
The storm has passed my meme TA says 9k
I did buy plenty at those kind of prices I would buy plenty more.
I am sure it will drop back, as wall bull take the money out after getting profit. They invest only day basis now. 
people are buying with the thought, its going to 20k again, they don't don't know there is always a dip behind any dip, it will drop to 6k
[removed]
Chill. Just Easter sale.
Crypto already made the most millionaires within the 2015-2017 range. So even if crypto evaporates right now like it never happened it would still have been the greatest transfer of wealth in human history.

And yes this also includes big events like the industrial revolution and the first government-issued social services being launched.
[removed]
