Daily Discussion, March 25, 2018
I have a theory that golbergger is someone who bought in above $18k, and has lost his marbles. 
They should just rename it boring coin
I am but a simple holder.  Two questions:

1.Where can i see all these candles and sell walls and such?

2. Why should i not be worried about Tether printing?

thank you frends

Well, if we don’t break out of the wedge today or tomorrow the price is going to go down, down- down.
Important strategy decisions coming up.
Another day, same colour red over the charts
He sold. Pump it.
I am not a bitcoin expert but if you look at the charts bitcoin is in a correction, not a crash. The highest price in Jan was 17.5k then dropped to 10k, in Feb the price started at 7k and increased to 11.3k, in march it started at 11.5 and were at 8.4k. So i wouldnt be suprised if it went up to 16k by the end of April. IMO
Either whales are making this look like a bubble pop by causing weak hands to panic sell to them via a Mongol horde style faux retreat. Or this is a bubble popping. Or, this is just another day in bitcoin.
I hate this word, but being a software developer I have to say it in this case... *Bullish!*

https://www.blockstream.com/2018/03/25/paypercall-shows-the-full-power-of-lightning-charge.html
who ever have bitcoin today 
will in the future say to them self why did i not buy more
I say that now and i brought at the start of 2017
I have a banana in the shape of Roger Ver.

Anyone like to buy it?
lol @ that buy wall on GDAX.
[\*Boing\*](https://www.tradingview.com/x/qE2RWl6w/)

Come on, Bitcoin. You can do it.
is bitcoin seriously going to make altcoins drop like this..?
8100 if you were wondering
17th Dec - failed 20k

6th Jan - failed 18k

19th Jan - failed 13k

23rd Jan - failed 12k

21st Feb - failed 11k

12th March - failed 10k

21st March - failed 9k


So I take it everyone will be 'celebrating' 8k in about a week from now?
bitcoin was rejected at 11.5k twice, and now it's being rejected at 9k twice. This is getting sad man.
Someone said Bitcoin falls on weekends. I was curious, so this morning I took tradingview.com screenshots Dec2017 to end of March2018 of FriSatSunMon, then I slowly scrolled over them in Photoshop and marked entry points I might take for shorting Bitcoin and also exit points. 80% winners! At least, if my goal would have been to predict whether it rises or falls (which is kind of the core of the game), that would often have worked.

https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/86zosr/hypothetical_bitcoin_weekend_day_trading_analysis/
[deleted]
2015-2016 was like this?, like an ice age for bitcoin?
Anyone know why bitcoin is so stagnant right now? We are 3 months into the year so far and its still staying within this 8-9k range, whats it gonna take to moon? 
That feeling when you miss the pump because you were trying to save a few dollars by making a limit order. FUCK MY LIFE.
If this thing does end up breaking down, then no one can say it’s due to a lack of bullish fundamentals this past week. 

If it has to break down then so be it, I for one feel that BTC is looking as good as ever with a bright future 
Mediocrity until the end of time. 
Do you guys think it's a good idea to buy at 8600? Advise Please
Dat buy wall back doe.
New to day trade here, I would like to understand why after a big drop of about 200.00, what most people would probably consider to be a great opportunity to buy, I keep seeing these sell walls. It's a humble question. I don't see any bad news today. I usually use as reference the volume trade and cryptocurrency news. Are there other sources I should be keeping my eyes on besides these ones I mentioned?
Still very thin and holding within an ever shrinking band. Meh. Monday or Tuesday we all get to find out. Unless we don't. 
Alright a few of you guys have convinced me to try trading bitcoin.  I am mainly a dip buyer and hodler but I need to add to my stack somehow and waiting for my paychecks is taking too long.  I’m only going to trade a very small portion of my total stack.   I’m hoping this won’t be a total disaster but since I’m only risking a little bit I’m not too worried.  Now watching the price 24/7 has a purpose other than just ocd. 😎
What happens to Lightning Node after DDoS and it shuts down, will the funds be lost if someone break the pc running the node ? 
Prepare for Godzilla 
It's having a bowel movement...😬
It was all good until someone dropped hundreds and hundreds of btc on Bittrex. Thanks for ruining the weekend, asshole.
A few month ago people would say are you crazy, if you would claim BTC will reach $19k. Why is $25k now so different?
I've been glued to my laptop staring at the charts for the past few days. Whenever I looked away for a few minutes the price made a big jump.

So I decided: I won't look at the charts for the next days. I'm sure we will experience a bull run for the history books!

You can thank me later.
For the first time in a very long time i think weve found Bitcoins fair price. ~$8,500

Whats it gonna take to push it below that? Whats it gonna take to push it above? Lets find out more as time goes along. Maybe it will stick to this range for MONTHS
Out of interest, how many of you bears are actually low key bullish long term? 
how does dogecoin have any value? 
If this gets down to right around 1k anytime this year I'm buying 3 whole bitcoins! And than Lambos, my friends.
any bad news ?
First 
allright. lets retest the 8k again. 
Wonder how many low level traders just got burnt? Hodl or go home
After two-three weeks 8K will be like an unrealizable dream
Whos ready for the sunday evening pump
If Trump could ban the colour "red".. That would be great...
[deleted]
Is the goal for most to achieve one Bitcoin now?
I am:''
Think btc is waiting to move according to the dow big hit last week..
Hi , I tried upgrading my node and ended up with 0.16.99 version. Anyway I can go to 0.16.00?? 
Hey guys what do you recommend for an easy, accurate way to track bitcoin gains/loss for taxes?  I am considering just tracking in a spreadsheet or perhaps using bitcoin.tax website.   Eventually will have to report on IRS form 8949.

Thanks.
[deleted]
I dont know what is bull run??

There really isn’t too much to consider with coin. You’re either an early adopter or you’re not. Are you still early if you buy today? Maybe 
We want the Bitcoin price minimum at U$20000 :)
Any canadians here? Whats the best exchange to withdraw profits on? I have quadriga and coinbase.
Hello I am currently a student at the University of Arizona and i need some data for my research project. Please response to the survey below, if possible, Its only a few questions.

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScDCw9NMa8Hbfg04TG_R_u-SkZv-IztzHCDsE31EyLA8BP8Qg/viewform  
SoloadsCa is correct.
In order to even hit 11K, it needs to drop to between 5K or 6K. 
November 12. 2017... $5,600
February 6. 2018.......$6,048  volume over 18Bil
The current Sell Walls:
9130 - (164) BTC
9100 - (103)
9000 - (214)
8900 - (129)

I saw a buy wall at 120 coins get gobbled up in 1 second and proceeded to go lower by another few hundred points.

Check CoinmarketCurrency for historical pricing. 

Last Volume in trading was 4 billion??

The robots are taking over trading! Be smart folks. 


[deleted]
Why couldn't the transaction have a some metadata, that said that the transaction was either a 0 conf transaction or a fee market transaction. 

If it was zero conf transaction the coins was presumed being send if the top ten pools in the last 2048 blocks said they would eventually process it... and not accept it as a fee-market transaction.

My question.. why doesn't Bitcoin have *masternodes light*? 

The only reason I can think of is that the core team is trying to push the lightning network. 
Will Etheruem go $499.. ?? Below $500?
Can't we fast forward to some solid movement already... 
Is there anything more boring than watching bitcoin in 8000s ?
How many bitcoins does it take to screw in light bulb?
7,400. No wait. 19,000. No wait. 9,000.
Good Morning!

Onwards and upwards.
Has the dead cross accured ?
Bought @ 8400. Weekend over soon, and price seems low enough, so I'm ready for the new week coming. I don't expect any more fud for a while (I think the worst is behind us and will maybe never be that bad ever, G20 news was the most important). Will still be cautious.
honestly who needs tether when you got bitcoin as the stable altcoin   /s
Ugly dump. 


Still waiting to  buy back at $7500
Okay guys, I put in my buy.  Sorry for the impending dip!
Seems like a start of FOMO.
all dead

Bitcoin is garbage.  Invest in cow manure.  You'll be better off. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
No way BTC ever sees over $10k again. Ever. Give me ANY good reason why the price will ever go up that much when it has continually fallen for the past 4 months. This isn't a correction from the ATH in December. This is the sIow, painful death of this coin and this market. Is this going to magically gain traction and surpass the ATH again? Hell no. Even a stiff cock bounces a few times when dropped from a skyscraper before it eventually lies dead in the street.
I have insider information that a large buy pump is coming within the next 2 hours. This is not an opinion. 
Low saturday dip, translating to a low Sunday-Pumpday and another 24-48hrs in the "8500 abyss". Strap in for a slow start to the week
zzzzz
LOL. You guys thought...
Do you guys think it will go at least till 9500 by the end of this month?
nice fake-selling walls someone is building on gdax - 200-250 btc
Some idiot over at r/cryptowank is saying that BTC is a dinosaur.

Yep.  Like they only lasted 180 millions years.

C*nt.

Rant over.

:)
Where's the bull run guys? 
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
