Daily Discussion, February 24, 2018
Waking up at 7 AM this morning, taking a glimpse on the chart: 10.500 "nice move guys... stay strong..."
Dozing off again until 10 AM
Taking a glimpse again on the chart: 9.800 "oh my...here we go again..."
[deleted]
Prepping for the sunday crash.
I got tired and bored of the endless ups and downs..  i now get to where i check the value maybe a few times a day instead of all day..  only time i'll worry again is below 5500.
Until then, no cares, just keep buying here and there on the "lows".  I put lows in quotes because btc is always at a low depending on what point you invested most at.
Ive sold once about half my bitcoin after reading some super-solid looking prediction about upcoming dip. Ive lost quite a lot that day. Dont be like me :)
For once i think i did it right. 
i Cashout @ 11k .
if it goes down below 9k i will cashin again 
if it goes up 10.5k i will cash in
Still i have some profit. :D
I want bitcoin to go up 
I find it so funny, as I alternate back and forth between the sub-reddits for various cryptos, that so many folks out there claim to have found this so-called magical method for predicting the ups and downs the ebbs and flows of the crypto marketplace. All you can really do is shake your head and laugh. G forbid they actually make a correct prediction by happenstance. Then they'll have to create a 10-step crypto price predicting guide that they will want to sell you for $10.99!! It's like calm the HELL down; puff...puff...pass would you please!!! We don't even know what to call them to be quite honest. Are the currencies, digital assets, commodities, etc. The truth of the matter is that this blockchain evolution is in its infancy. The crypto markets are, at the moment, swarmed with your average retail investor, most of whom are pump-n-dump day-traders taking advantage of immediate gains. IMHO, we will not be able to obtain accurate price predictions for any crypto until we get mainstream adoption via your institutional investors (i.e. hedge funds, corporations, FIs, central banks, etc.) on board. However, these institutional investors won't enter until the markets mature via more common sense regulatory oversight/compliance and institutional-grade hedging/custody instruments are in place to help mitigate and offset the volatility brought on by the vicious cycles of constant day-trading. Until we get this volatility under control estimating prices is a moot action. The best predictions we can possibly make before the aforementioned occurs is by doing our due-diligence when it comes to our crypto investments by asking a few simple questions:  

1. Is it solving a problem or have a realistically defined use-case?
2. Can it deliver on solving that "problem" or "use-case"?
3. Can it solve such-said problem better, faster, more economical, than what currently exists? 
4. What is the competition doing?
5. Is anybody actually using/trialing such-said blockchain tech?
6. Who's behind the tech (i.e. leadership, engineers, institutional players, etc.).
7. Does the leadership have a "defined" vision for their respective blockchain technology?
8. Is the leadership transparent and above-board (i.e. providing communication, progress reports, etc.)?
9. Is such-said crypto company/foundation abiding by or working with the regulatory community to ensure a smooth transition (by far one of the most important question)? 
10. Would I be okay if I were to lose my investment despite the best efforts of such-said crypto company/foundation?

There goes 9500

It was "fun" to watch 
Low volume means that a few players can move the market big time. Now imagine these players talking to each other.. That's the beauty of unregulated markets.
New drinking game: take a shot every time the price moves in either direction.
So much great news and Bitcoin price still drops. I really don't get it 
[deleted]
Mostly, (With reasonable exceptions):
Whales are the fuckers


Traders (Whales category) make big money when it goes up and down, 
but hodlers ONLY when it goes up. 


Traders can manipulate the market and will do it all the time, 
hodlers sit and watch praying and hoping. 

Traders don't give a fuck about BTC technology, 
hodlers do give a fuck because they see the price increase.

Predictions or fud don't count shit and good news are not as paramount as they used to be.

So if you are not a Whale, get used to bending over and rejoice when times are on your side, there is nothing you can do about it, so relax and go with the flow or get out.

Hello January my old friend...
I made my first real purchase with bitcoin yesterday. I successfully (and easily) paid for a year subscription of PIA VPN. I gotta say it felt pretty good! I can't wait to see more companies offering bitcoin as a payment 
Not too worried until we go below last bottom ~6k. If it rebounces back up before that and above 12k we are probably on a good way
Always the same rich people become richer. Normal people become poorer cause this big maniuplators control the market..... bad that i not started 2017 ..
If for whatever reason we see a new dip between $8k-$6k the entry of new buyers is going to be MASSIVE


And i'm going to be one of them for sure!
Getting my wallet ready to buy the Sunday dip.
Good morning America.
[deleted]
Ok so i"m still hodling but that Sunday sale off scares me a lot. So maybe this time we will bounce up to 11k :)?
So I took a screenshot of a chart. I think if the green line crosses the red line then we're fucked until it re-crosses. Until the green goes above the yellow, I think things will be a little weird. Thoughts?

https://imgur.com/a/IZ9Cm

guys what u think how much it goes down this time? I really cant understand cause only good news .. Coinbase use seg... and bitfinix too.... What u think guys?
Sub 9.4k! :D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGSt-tR-eXo

In his latest, powerfully BItcoin-bullish monologue, Andy Hoffman of CryptoGoldCentral.com and the World Crypto Network discusses how not he REFUSES TO BELIEVE the Bitcoin price's uninterrupted string of "positive resolutions" will be stopped here, given how strong its current .....
Don't worry everybody John Mcafee confirmed yesterday that he stands by his bet.  The guy is nuts but he makes legit reasons as to why bitcoin will become worth 500k-1mil. 
Bitcoin touched around the 50, 100day EMA and 0.236 Fib level yesterday and broke down. Here is my short term analyse on BTC today:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp-23mV2mFc&feature=youtu.be
Guys seriously ... the complete market is only manipulation ? I think China should allow again to buy cryptos... this people pumped the market a lot.... we need new investors:) Not only the big whales.
Anyone else getting ready to start looking for a job lol??
This is boring.  Wake me up when it hits 12k or 6k.
Chinese have already boarded their trains back to their trading desks everyone. Relax. Moon soon. 
These bots are relentlessly scalping people's coins up from 9700-10.500 for the last few days. Once whoever is behind them has enough of your panic sold coins, I'd imagine the price will shoot up and cause same people who sold at a loss to FOMO and buy back in higher. STOP giving the rich people more money/btc and HODL. You don't lose until you hit sell.
wow what a dip. getting tired of it, see you next month
Those lookng to buy at the 'bottom'; Never try to buy at the bottom or sell at the top.....this is not the bottom.  The PA needs to gain at least 10% from here before breaking the current trend 
Anyone having issues with GdaX, keep saying " BTC trading not yet available in your region". 
Tempted into putting my tax refund in rn
Mabe we should send a letter to the Pope and ask him to pray for bitcoin tomorow?
If we go down any further from now on it has broken the lowest point in a week time. Then the way down to an even lower level is likely I think.
The most significant bitcoin client update since its birth is around the corner. TA is going to hurt some people here. 
Probs gonna bleed for a few more days, no big deal. Just be patient, and maybe buy if you can.
when you realize all your positions are completely fucked...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctnK7wdJmAo
What are the pros and cons to moving to a Segwit address from Legacy if the plan is to HODL long term?
3 days untill payday, the price will probably skyrocket once I have some spare fiat. 
Drinking next shot at 9400
Which exchange(s) do you guys watch for BTC/USD?
Anyone know whats the fastest way to load US dollars to an exchange. Gdax or another exchange?
Looks like it's a mini Californian Green Rush!  
I want to short bitcoin.

Anyone know where I could?
Hold my bags, says the whale
Damn and weekend sell off hasn't started yet!!!
What is the fastest and safer way to transfer bitcoin to paypal with less headache as possible?
Is this a fraud? I just received this text Im just curious if anyone has seen something similar or if I'm rich af https://i.imgur.com/EOrCIFr.jpg 
Dear God Hodl me!!
Support for the Bitcoin scalability upgrade Segregated Witness (SegWit), which is designed to make transaction fees slower and transactions times faster on the Bitcoin network, was added to the latest Bitcoin Core client version released on Feb. 15, 2018.

SegWit support was also added to major exchange Bitfinex on February 21st, and scheduled to be released on the exchange and wallet platform Coinbase by next week.

This is why we're starting to see lower Bitcoin transaction fees and transactions getting confirmed faster. SegWit is a big step for Bitcoin's development, everyone's been waiting for it since years ago and it's finally here. 

These are good news for Bitcoin as a blockchain in general, since we know that the biggest problem Bitcoin has it's the fees and slow confirmation times. That's why I think this is a big step forward.
Sold a week and a half ago at 10.9k and trying to buy back in. Is this the dip or nah?
Are we expecting $1k rise today and then $1k down again? Those are ridiculous fluctuations!
Looks like more selling with that long red dildo. 😥
Sold @ $9500 via SL, now watch it skyrocket -.-
rough night huh 
11k Feb 26th.  15k Mar 2nd.
Curretly we cannot beat bots. If we had much more buyers then maybe.
A storm is on it's way .  Bitcoin failed to break  resistance level and it will go to hell  now.  BTC’s worst days are still ahead of us , may be today or tomorrow or after one week. Probably this time Bitcoin will hit between $4000 to $6000 mark. It's same like 2013 bitcoin pattern. It's not a financial advice , just my thinking. Good luck. 
Looking at the chart, I'm wondering if $11k was our new peak this time and we're going to drop down to $8k before starting the rally again. It just feels strangely similar to the $19k drop.
This is fucking hilarious. Bitcoin unable to find support at any level is a fucking joke.
I just sold so I can confirm that the price will skyrocket 
My personal short-ish term prediction. I still believe 50k by end of this year. https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/CZra5OgN-Bitcoin-ABCDE-Correction/
going to be a tough weekend. 
Behold, people, look at the mempool and see what is possible when there is next to no cost!

Be it spam or UTXO consolidation, it is good because it won't go over 1MB!
Guys for what reason it going down? there was not really a bad news today:)
How many hours until the Asians start doing their thing tonight?
its the same like with the rich people. Here the Rich bitcoin users control the markets..... they push the market always up for a few days than they cash out and wait the market drop.. and buy back more and more... stupid manipulation of the markets... for this need regulations. Soon G20 discuss about this :)
tbh I still think bitcoin needs to go a bit lower
Hi people, there is a person on twitter who sells a market prediction graph/service. He has been making some pretty bold claims:

“26 hours 30 minutes before Wall Str start their Bitcoin sell-off. First it will start in Hong Kong, then USA. It will be over a period of 8 hours - start time will be 2018-02-24 01:30:00:00 UTC Time. False UP “spike” could happen be aware not to enter buys [not financial advice]”

“I don't know how to explain this better guys, but current Bitcoin break out is a false one - the drop is still coming and going into the end of this month and into first week of March Bitcoin will be at a LOW. Final LOW is expected on Friday the second of March 2018 - $7630/7830”

I haven’t named him because I’m not sure if it is breaking Reddit rules and I don’t want to be promoting him. Also he has a number of people replying to him who are almost zealotry in their deference to his supposed genius that they all stink of fake accounts. 

However in light of the Bitcoin price, roughly, stagnant around $10000 for the last 24 hours I’m just wondering if the explanation about a Wall Street sell-off makes any sense or is total BS? 
Relax, whales are just playing between ~ 8k and 8.5k €. Buy your coins and hodl... Have a nice weekend :)
[removed]
So anyone still think BTC 100K by end of year? 
Well we need Ethfinix for new tether token than the market goes up.... i hope soon over 10k again...
[removed]
For all of you thinking we are going to keep dropping, where do you think we will bottom out at and why?

Hello, Australian and relative Bitcoin noob here. I bought a ton of Bitcoin back in 2012 for *reasons,* and not long after spent it all. Or so I thought! I just recently checked the ol' wallet and, while the amount left is trivial relative to what I had, at today's prices the dollar value is quite nontrivial, and while hodling would be nice, I do unfortunately need the money. So, what's the best exchange on which an Australian can sell btc? It seems that Coinbase doesn't support my country. 
I'm switching exchanges due to high fees. Anybody knows a good exchange in australia(non resident)? Also with fast verification. In the mean time' i'll wait for the market to be bullish.
How many Bitcoins can I get with these qubits?
On Sunday, steady fall, 5-10% more. On Monday 25% up. Next Friday 25% up.
No, next Friday damp-shorting as usual. It's time to get used to. 
wtf just happened? The mempool got cleaned out.
$6k soon. Save your fiat, it will get more valuable soon!
Is it possible to buy bitcoin directly from the darknet ?
Damn tomorrow is going to be a nightmare if this is any indication 
Sold yesterday hoping for big drop. Hopefully it is on the way.
Soon all cripto will green again. Just shorting
I predict us going above $10k again in the next 5 hours or so. 
How much does bot trading differ from professional traders?
Market cap has been dropping quite a lot.
[deleted]
btc is in downtrend,strong downtred from 17 dec, i am btc fan,but now i have all my btc sell, 100% sure ,double bottom..... at least double bottom...
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
3-4k soon 
https://i.imgur.com/c6wLwPp.jpg
My SL at $9500 is still there. Once it gets picked up, I'm officially done as a hodler. It just isn't worth the effort.
Bitcoin's boring. I'm going to r/walstreetbets
Next stop 8.1k

- 10 people invested in a coin in 2012, the coin gained value and became 1 dollar. These 10 people needed another 10 people to raise the price with another dollar. These 20 people needed another 20 people to raise the price with 2 dollars, to 4 dollars. Now millions of people stepped in, and you need tenthousands of newcomers to raise the price. Where do you get them from? The mainstream won't step in anymore, cause they got their asses burned in december. The market is dead at the moment. It's not a bubble, but a balloon that will slowly loose the air inside. 
[removed]
Bitcoin crashing so hard, we have to set new price alerts 
NEXT BOTTOM 4K USD BTC 
I personally think the bitcoin price is highly overvalued due to the hype created by its price and it structure
This bulltrap is pretty nice
Whats the problem today? What bad news again..........?
To the ISS!
[removed]
Looking at the market on GDAX, the way to $10k looks very open.....America waking up slowly now as well. 
[removed]
Bitcorn doin' good. Lower!
we need invite more people to cryptocurrency by making a youtube videos with social media help because its like a pyramid and all of you who entered in 2018 can help for yourself and create videos in youtube or other social media place than more fresh money will come than HIGHER in this pyramid you could be. 
