Daily Discussion, February 18, 2018
inb4 all the trolls/FUDsters/TAs (5th Elliot wave OMG!) "predicting" *this is it!, we're going to 2K*. 

People trying to time the market this time will get rekt IMO. 

That's all from me folks. :)


The Seahawks should have just ran the ball. 
It's Sunday guys. Relax, BTC is tired and needs a break. Showed a nice bounce now and still on track for daily higher low (just). Even if it drops further, I'm optimistic.
goes up $4000 in a week. Drops $500 in a day. Quick everyone its gonna crash!!!
**PSA : Please be aware that some 'members' are posting links that are malware/phishing threats.**
Two more companies deployed segwit support today. It went from 19 to 21:
https://bitcoincore.org/en/segwit_adoption/
Don't even invest in bitcoin but sub to this reddit for the sheer entertainment.  Keep it up you bastards form the Wild West :) wish you all luck 
Good Morning USA. ShowMeWhatYouGot
Guys, if you predict that it will go down further AFTER it's gone down a little bit there's not a whole lot of substance to that. It's just you dealing with your own cognitive dissonance
Exciting past few days. Even when sentiment is high and everyone is optimistic, it cannot rise hour after hour.
I've never been so excited to lose money. 
I ain't worried. 
Anyone know why we always see the Sunday morning sell off? Happens like clockwork and I always kick myself for not selling on Saturday evening to increase my BTC on Sunday.
This might be a really silly questions but can someone please elaborate why each time btc goes through a significant downward trend we see 99% of alt coins bottoming out as well. I feel like at this point there there should be at least a handful of other alt coins that don't follow foot? Maybe its not a good correlation, but its just something I've noticed over time.
Just checked the "Bitcoin doesn't give a fuck" thread.

HOLY  S... The upvote downvote brigade is in force there. People with zero knowledge about bitcoin getting hundreds and thousands of upvotes..

It looks like a whole different sub. Maybe it's because it reached r/all but still.. Sounds super fishy

Anyone else got this feeling too?
I've been wanting to move my BTC from a legacy address paper wallet to a Segwit paper wallet. Can anyone tell me if segwitaddress.org is safe to use (to generate the keys)?

Thanks.
Hi,

I have a legitimate question regarding my observations during the recent market dip. I saw that there was a systematic FUD campign going on r/cryptocurrency, r/bitcoin and to lesser extent top 10 coin subs.

The typical poster profile was:

1. High karma (1 000-5 000 minimum up to 100 000)

2. Same fud link/"concern" posted at the same time on several subs

3. About 3/5 had no history in cryptcurrency subredits themes (ie not community active or coin-affiliated)

My question is, (directed mainly to high karma redditors) - have any of you been approached by persons/organisations asking you to post certain themed article links, "market concerns", (ie propagating doom/bearish atmosphere to facilitate market drop) in return for material goods/crypto/fiat?

Also, what are community concerns about this issues, have any of you fellow redditors made similar observations?

Kind regards, cheers!


Hey guys,
Can somebody explain to me how it should be possible to take loans in bitcoin if its value will always keep increasing due to its scarcity? I mean what would be the point for anyone to give me a loan of 5 bitcoin to build a house, if i cant give him back more bitcoin in a few years time?
[deleted]
That was a crazy drop to watch at the bar, completely turned my mood and stomach. I gotta stop checking the price, but the way it moves.is so fascinating :^< 
Tweaker Sundays
[Sick song by gramatic- friends of satoshi](https://youtu.be/HAwC0swp96I)
Hey, 

Could someone explain to me why all alts doing the exact same thing as bitcoin? Bitcoin down = altcoins down, bitcoin does nothing = altcloins doing notthing etc.
And i know that bitcoin is the king that everyone wants to follow ;) but appart from that?
As is started with crypto every coin has moved for its own and everyone was saying: bitcoin down = alts up and so on.

Thanks for all answers ;)
Hey folks, I had a question regarding taxes when investing in bitcoin.

Say you bought at 5k and invested 5k, meaning you got 1 bitcoin exactly, it then goes up to 6k, that means a profit of 1k and taxes are taken out off that 1k profit, easy as pie.

However, what happens when you trade for, say, 2 months. 

- Got in at 5k, 1 week later you sold at 6k = 1k profit
- 2nd week buys in at 5.5k and sells the 3rd week for 6k = .5k profit
- 4th week buys in at 6.5k and sold the following week at 6k = .5k loss
- 6th week buys in at 8k and sold the following week at 7k = 1k loss
- 8th week didn't do shit because you upset you lost all your gains.

Now, with that example in mind, as I understand it, you actually have to pay taxes on EVERY transaction that you made leading up to the end of the second month.
Meaning, even though you are back to 5k in fiat money, you STILL have to pay taxes on the transactions where you made profit, right?

PS: I am asking because one youtube video mentioned that it is exactly for that reason that day-trading is not so good of an idea when you consider the taxes that will have to be taken out for every transaction.


I think we go straight to 12k TODAY!! This seems to be a great week
Cant wait to see the graph thats shows bull trap despair etc.
This drop was the most stupid shit I have seen in a long time. I mean, I am still profiting since I bought at 10k, but seriously? From 11,300 to 10,200 in like 5 hours? Cmon now
My purkolators are looking at a breakout for BTC on about 2 hours from now. Anyone else charting these signals?
i dont like how bitcoin is creeping down like this lol 
I didn't listen to my instincts and bought in too high. Hoping for another run-up  by the end of the month. 
McFud
Is there a beginner's guide to how I can actually spend my bitcoin? Until now I've just kept it as an investment, but the more I read about the technology the more I want to use some of it as an actual currency.

I've looked up a site called coinmap and found a coffee shop in my town that accepts bitcoin, but what's the process of actually performing a transaction? I'm guessing I'd need a wallet on my phone for easy access, but other than that and being able to say "hi I'd like a flat white, a slice of that cake, and to pay in bitcoin please" I'm not sure what I'd actually have to do.
[deleted]
In the recent days, Draghi's ECB has published their online campaign against bitcoin, and then there is the news of [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7yd20c/polands_central_bank_secretly_paid_youtubers_to/)... have we reached the stage at which central banks actively start to fight crypto?  
noob question, is it a legal requirement for exchanges to publish their existing buy/sell orders?

and if it is not a legal requirement, what is the incentive for publishing that information?
I’m not as excited now the second time btc hits every new psychological level. I guess that’s normal. But could that phenomenon affect the growth? I’m more blasé for sure. 
Btc is not allowed to go up until I move and sell my house and buy more. 
hello,friends can anyone know whats wrong with binance?i cant login after out my id details its just loading nothing else heppens?
Serious Problem discovered this weekend.   Something called Bitcoin Cheapside GB charged my USAA Visa card four times at $100 each plus $3.00 of "quasicash" each time.  These repeats of a single transaction I initiated two weeks ago.  USAA (or Bitcoin??) has refunded two of the $100 charges.  I will contact USAA Tuesday about the other two.  Is anyone seeing erroneous charges to regular bank checking accounts?   So far ... I have not encountered that drama. 
Hey all!

I'm not really interested in bitcoin (mining), but I would like to ask your opinion on the GPU market.

In the foreseeable future, can we expect a saturation of the Mining market (or how you call it) that would lead to the stabilization of the GPU/Mining market? (Too many miners for a limited pool of coins? Drop of profit that would drive down the interest for mining? AMD/Nvidia ramping up the production above the demands to drive down the prices...)

I'm looking to get a new GPU soon, but the high prices are pushing me away. I paid 200$ (years ago) for what was a mid-tier GPU at the time (R9 290). It seems like anything in the mid-tier are above 400$ at the moment... 

If I can trust the news/Reddit, I believe there have been some ups and downs in the crypto world (crashes?), yet there have been little to no effect on the GPU market (used and new).

I would greatly appreciate if you could help me a little understand the Mining world and its impact on the GPU :)

Thanks.
I tried applying for a few services, like Gdax, that do record checks for ID, but I haven't been able to get through any of them. I think it might be because I turned 18 recently. If this is the case, does anyone know how long it should take for them to verify me? Or any other ideas of what I can do? I live in the US
Wtf is going on in here? New to this sub but there's loads of 12 years olds saying this thing is going to crash, but they don't seem to have any investment history? Are these really just people trading on the futures market?
I heard some people on a bitcoin podcast talking about simplicity and it being bitcoin 2.0. What is it ?
just bought $440 milli btc... ask investopedia if you think its a FUD.
Err brace for this ride guys.
Fuck I bought more at 11 and didn't buy anything after it dipped below 8k
Since opening a bank account has age limitations, but using Bitcoin does not; has anyone made a child-friendly Bitcoin wallet? 
How do I work for bitcoin?
i missed out on cheap bitcoins, fuuuuccckkk
Wake up, China
im scared
the wash trading on the exchanges is amazing.
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions
dropped to 6000. The demand is as low as a year ago.
Dont sell you motherfuc..s!! Dont give them YOUR FUTURE
[removed]
New video on the whole Coinbase debacle: Stop Spreading FUD About Coinbase (Pt. II!!!): Why Did/Do You Trust Visa Over Coinbase?!?!?! (Coinbase haters aren't going to like this 📺...): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBEvQNa88yU
clear price manipulation. it always goes down when bitfinex turns off bots. 
So it's going down again...
Will Binance support the Bitcoin Private Fork? Anyone knows when is the snapshot and wich BTC-Ratio Bitcoin Private will have after the fork?
[removed]
I bought 1 imaginary bitcoin at 9,270, difference today, around +1,000 USD in 4 days. I'm using a very simple indicator (EMA 14) and will follow buy and sell warnings from it. Will post how it goes for my imaginary bitcoin.


14/2/2018: bought imaginary 1btc  at 9,270 usd

18/2/2018: +1,000 usd (aprox, conservative)

warning from EMA14: hodl


Disclaimer: I know MA in general will suck for many of you, it's just an experiment.
I love calling out people who interview Roger Ver on YouTube: https://i.imgur.com/iNDrXrW.png
"Hur DuR ChiNeZe NeW yEaR wiLL SeND BiTcoIn FlyiNg GuYz"
[removed]
9.2k when?
I havent bought any btc, it shouldve been going up for you guys!

Scared to buy more, it might drop to 2k!  :p
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Won't be surprised if we dig big time once again!
In a few more hours 10k is gonna go down. People are gonna start panic selling. Yey!
[removed]
What’s bitcoin?
Since the day it was in 15-20K range I knew it would go down to $5-7K, which it did. Just saying! 
