Daily Discussion, February 13, 2018
I just invested 700. Good luck to you all.
oh btc someday ill see you ride that high 19k wave again.
http://moonmath.win/ has received a couple small donations of five USD or less. Everyone who has donated has paid an infinitesimal fee. I know it's a specific subset of users, but Bitcoin is working the way is supposed to. Don't believe the FUD.

Thank you, those who are donating.
What happens to coins sent to wrong address after segwit?
Can anyone explain to me why on coinbase, when you go to buy and sell, no matter what the price of the coin, it is always 50-100 higher to buy it, and 50- 100 lower to sell? ( ie. price is at 8500, to buy its 8580, to sell its 8420) Am I misunderstanding the interworkings of it by thinking that seems scammish? I tried asking them and got no response, so figured I'd consult the "experts" ;P. Sorry if this has already been posed and answered a million times over.
I'm actually pretty happy with the price fluctuating around 8k to 9k. This shows more sustainability and hopefully growth potential. We haven't had it dip below 7.8k in some time so the longer we hold out the better. My wishful thinking anyway, its better than skyrocketing or dipping way below again right?
So dead cats have long plateaus like this? 
Did this ever happened in the past that everyone is praying for Bitcoin or cryptos to raise like now? I am hodler since the second half of last year so i am sorry when it seems like i am kinda stupid with that question. I just got the doubt that we are maybe the loosers of this hype cause big money were made already and now we are too many who wanna fly to the moon but the rocket cannot start with so many passengers. Still hodl till the end.
2-3 more days before another crash if the cycle is not broken.  So anyone who wants to buy, just wait a couple of days.  
Dip dip dipadelphia!
I see BCash is now 7th for trading volume.  Such news always gives me a warm feeling.
I think we are in a bear market and a lot of people are depressed because they are used to BTC doing this / everyday last year but it is going to take a little patience for this guys, It will recover and hit new ATH but don't be surprised if it falls back a little more first.
GO UP
I just shorted pretty hard last night around 9k. Anyone else not liking the short term price prospects?
So Lightning Network... I see how this would help with fixed spending (I usually shop at the same grocery store, get gas at the station that's most convenient, etc.), but the total number of monthly fixed transactions are fairly small.

In my case, I go grocery shopping twice a month, fill up on gas once a week, and have fixed monthly payments like insurance, mortgage, etc. Let's say 10 transactions become 6 with LN.

The rest of my spending is sporadic: I feel like Indian food, let's see what's good on Yelp. Oh look, there's that ice cream place I've heard about, let's give it a try.  Oh I need cough medicine, where's the closest drug store?

Am I going to be opening up one-time ledgers with these businesses and the broadcasting to the blockchain right away? If so, how does this decrease transaction load.

Am I missing something?









Let's hope this is apollo 11 and not Challenger. 
https://redd.it/7ptsg3

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2711461.msg30237047#msg30237047

____

After rallying 55% from the 6000 (Bitfinex) lows in just 4 days, the market has been drifting sideways for 4 days.

The sideways wander could either suggest that the first leg of the rally is complete, and a retracement is currently underway. Or, the market is consolidating in preparation to breakout and resume the move higher.

Taking out 8950 (Coinbase) and 9000 (Bitfinex) to the upside would confirm the rally is resuming.

However for now, weakening price action appears to be favoring a retracement. A typical retracement ought to be around 50% which is at 7482 (Coinbase) and 7538 (Bitfinex).
At 7599 (Bitfinex), represents 61.8% Fibonacci retracement level of the entire Bitcoin market.

Given the aforementioned criteria, the following short position has been ordered:

BTC/USD (COINBASE)

OPEN: 8600

CLOSE: 7482

STOP: 8950

RISK: 4%

REWARD: 13%

Afterwards, the expectation would be for the market to resume the Primary degree b-wave bounce, which may retrace up to 38.2% of the Primary a-wave decline which began on 06-JAN-2018.
The following Fibonacci levels may serve as target areas of where the rally may conclude towards the psychological 10000 level, Bitfinex prices:

1. 9350: approx previous line of support/resistance.
2. 9946: 50% Fibonacci retracement level of entire Bitcoin market.
3. 10298: 38.2% Fibonacci retracement of the decline which began on 06-JAN-2018

https://i.imgur.com/LgdJaSX.png

https://i.imgur.com/YL7d6Fh.png


I, as a laymen, got into daytrading BTC today. After an much eventfull day I made myself 3 bucks, so by my calculatons I should be a millionaire toworrow afternoon.   
Happy hodling ;)
Btw, is there any explanations as to why the difference between the bid and offer prices are always changing? Shit's getting ridiculous.
Bitcoin is an undervalued stock that has a dividend yield of 30%....what are people waiting to buy it?
Why is the bitcoin so little volatile today. Is it quiet before the bloodbath is starting due to Chinese new year?
All those 40-120 limit orders at different price ranges on GDax and other exchanges - is it traders' etc orders as opposed to your Average Joe's orders? I would think that your average investor would just place a market order, no? So I am wondering if these orders at different price ranges are bots, etc and not indicative of broad interest. Thoughts?
For those of you who swing trade - any good strategies you can point me towards?
Guys what's considered a low volume or high volume?  On gdax for the past few days it was averaging around 16,000 BTC volume..
this made me laugh...

'Time-traveller' claiming to be from 2030 PASSES a lie detector test"

says Bitcoin will be increasingly popular but pennies and cents will still be in use.

if this doesn't get us through 9k nothing will

Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5386759/Time-traveller-2030-PASSES-lie-detector-test.html#ixzz5711C2isp 

Someone just reported to me that their Coinbase mobile app just updated and it had to do with Segwit. Can anyone confirm?
Well I guess we just kissed the bulls ass and tickled his ballz a bit. Back to the warm butthole of the bear. Woof
Does anyone regret not selling a month ago to nearly double the amount of btc they have?
what an interesting (rip off) experience. I just purchased some bitcoin via bitcoin atm. It was nerve wracking because I was afraid I would make an irreversible mistake. Not only were the fees high but the exchange rate was at 10k instead of 8.5k or abouts. The atm normally scans phone based QR codes but for some reason my phone would not scan so I instead went with a paper wallet option. I first tried a small amount for the first transaction, once successfully completed I went ahead and completed a second one with more cash. The fees were sky high. 30 bucks to buy 300 USD of BTC! I can't possibly see how the average person would even want to use one of these machines. I normally buy from coinbase but I had some cash on hand and I wanted to learn more about one touch point in the cryptocurrency ecosystem. 
Have had two open support tickets on Polo for over ten months now with no response.  

I was previously verified up to the $7,0000 daily withdraw limit. In process of switching from legacy to verified (hoping this will help the issue)

I have had zero response concerning missing funds and mysterious order issues. 

I have tried emailing, calling the officer of record for incorporation (they have changed), filed with better business bureau of Delaware, etc. 

Does anyone have any ideas how to get my funds or even a response to my tickets?


Edit: i understand all the comments and threads from people saying to avoid them, etc etc.  ive been looking at this for months.  I get it. But that doesnt help me when im already involved with them to the tune of over $10k. So I am looking for ideas that actually have worked for people or ways to get a response from the company. 

I have even called and spoken with the original company/agency that incorporated them. They said they get calls all the time but unfortunately cant do anything as they no longer represent Poloniex.
Hang in there everyone.  I am buying in right now... so if past experience is any lesson, the market will head south shortly.  Sorry, but happens every single time.

I'll post again when I am about to sell.  Sure fire impetus for market to surge.

This way at least all of you can get your timing right.  No helping me.
Has someone started a little low budget spam of the mempool within the past 24h?
round and round bitcoin goes, where it stops nobody know
ELI5: How does Lightning Network work?
Would any of you guys ever even use cryptocurrencies if prices stabilized....like they are now?
For the bitcoin private fork do I need to own both bitcoin and zclassic or just one or the other?
Favorite legit sites to spend Bitcoin?
Who's ready for 9300?
100k within the next 47 seconds
Bought some when it hit 8870 last night on fear of going way up and sold on and sold them on 8480 on fear of going too much down.  


I feel like I have no clue of what I’m doing. Anyone here read charts every minute and buy and sell based on them?


I really love LN but I feel there is no proper communication going on. I am not aware of progress on the various implementations, developers keep saying that LN is ready “soon”. I know that it’s not possible to give definitive answers and timeframes... but I feel there is no information coming to us at all...
Over 9000
[deleted]
This is so fucking boring. Can bitcoin just crash or do something pls.
Lets go folks, we can get through to $9000 this evening if we all try. 
The [network](http://np.reddit.com/r/cryptotradernetwork/wiki/network) is expanding. Needs more subreddits though.
please go down again so i can buy you. now you are so expensive. :)
Drop to 7k, I want to buy
For all us Hodlers:
https://btcmanager.com/jp-morgan-report-cryptocurrencies-stay/?utm_source=onesignal&utm_medium=push
Good morning USA, it's visible that you are waking up, congrats !
Every healthy bull run needs corrections. Else we will get a repeat of december: Parabolic rise followed by major corrections. Sit tight and BUY THE MOTH*RFUCKING DIPS!
Only if people would stop feeding the damn whales already, been 4 fucking days and they still eating. 
bitcoincharts.com is down.
so since coinbase disabled paypal for now, to withdraw you can send it to your cash wallet or your bank account?
[removed]
[deleted]
When is the next BTC futures contract set to expire? 
Dip to 8.8k i guess. Here's hoping the upswing will break above 9.2k
I'm calling it! 20k by the end of this week! Buy now
It's evolving nice, curious to see how it will be in few days.
RIP
[deleted]
Nocoiner here with a question, what does the term nocoiner mean?
are the bulls back?
Futures end on the 14th, Chinese New Year 16th....think people just being cautious and cashing out.
Will we see the "bull run" of companies adapting cryptocurrencies as it becomes mainstream and the companies realize it? I mean if one of three burger restaurants accept crypto u can guess where I'm heading.
75k soon
8.7k! Going to 8.8 for 2 or 3 hours and then to 8.5 again within 5 minutes
Could network operators conspire to centralize Bitcoin?
Can someone explain why BTC can’t be hacked? If I create a node to verify false transactions, what is allowing me to verify these transactions? How does someone compromise the BTC network and what is not allowing this? An explanation that involves hash and previous mined blocks would be awesome. Thanks in advance. 
Hi guys, I’m new to this. So I have a question. Is BTCmarkets a good place to start? A friend of mine recommended it but I saw so many bad reviews! I would love your opinion. He also said that he doesn’t use a wallet and it’s fine. Look forward to your opinion!

Sorry if this is the wrong place to ask
I'm a weak seller. I could have panic sold but I'm weak
[deleted]
I nominate we end these daily discussion threads. 

Every post in here is either a repeat of the same arguments over and over and over (does anyone on Reddit ever have anything to say besides repeat the same points everyone else has always made?) or is just something totally retarded.
Why is it  not going up. Please buy whatever. You can. Even 10 dollars count. Just buy, so we can earn more money 
Remember where we came from, stay positive.
Has bitcoin ever went flat for a few days and then went down?  The only thing I've ever seen was bitcoin being flat then going up
Okay, which one of you chuckleheads keeps buying Bitcoin!  Give it a rest already!  Let 'er drop!  Let 'er drop! Then we can soar to the sky like a bat out of hell!  :)
Stop speaking of FUD please, just taking time to pass 9K.
Your turn USA.
13K soon 
20k soon
Hodl this bag while I tie my shoe lace please
**Heads up everyone I'm going to create new fork call Bitcoin Kash(BCK) which has 100MB blocks. Yayyyyyyyyyyyy This would be the most innovative thing in Bitcoin forking history.**
What is the FUD today? Seems like a selloff :(
I woke up this morning with a boner for bitcoin...I’m feeling bullish today. Bring on 10k!!!!
I've got a tin foil hat theory that is making more and more sense the more I think about it.  The big run for BTC started when Donald Trump took office.  He's under investigation for collusion with Russia.  Vladimir Putin is possibly the richest man in the world with billions in hidden funds.  If Putin is paying off Trump, couldn't he be doing it in bitcoin?  We saw a crash just a little while after Putin announced candidacy for president.  Couldn't they be selling their coins after the major transactions have concluded?
Do you guys think we will drop below 8.5k today (it certainly looks like it will to me but I am usually wrong about this stuff)?  Thinking about buying in today but trying to decide if I should chance buying in at 8.5k or wait a little while and see if it drops a little further.
I got a random email from Coinbase that a dude with an Asian name I don't recognize and I both got 10 bucks in Bitcoin because he "showed" me Coinbase. Anyone know how this is possible?

Edit: a word
https://blockchain.info/address/12TnP5KnBQeHPKFmso3u8TNC2YuGiH5TsX

This looks like spam to me. Any other explanation?
[deleted]
zeronet 0.6.2 launched https://www.reddit.com/r/zeronet/comments/7xd6zo/new_zeronet_062_create_and_distribute_sites/

zeronet is a decentralized network using bitcoin/bittorrent technology, you can use your bitcoin(legacy) address in zeronet and buy namecoin domain, that like bitcoin is censor resistant.
does lightning support smart contracts? 
https://redd.it/7xepu3
https://twitter.com/PeterLBrandt/status/963604844568223744
giant cup and handle? If so it should bounce to near 12?
[deleted]
Bulls I feel your pain, your balls are so soar because they have landed on the jaws of bears, what $20 000 to $8600. 
Bitconnected need Lambo. This is taking too long. :(
[deleted]
Boy oh boy, I’ve gotta stop using Coinbase and being five days behind common sense...
Quite difficult market. Bit dissapointed due to btc Could t brake 10k yesterday. Now with Chinese New Year, Withdraw opportunity in Japan After hack and bearish Bloomberg Very careful now.

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-02-13/bitcoin-halts-longest-rally-since-december-after-24-increase
The Bitcoin Crash Is Over!: JP Morgan's 'Bitcoin Bible', A CNBC Bull, & Bitcoin 'Obituaries' - VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZQRj4ucRPc&feature=youtu.be 
I missed out on most of yest discussion thread..
has everyone come to the acceptance that we will never get over 9000?  Is this some kind of sick joke, is everyone let down that we are seeing blatant market manipulation by (probably) one person or a select few people??
