Daily Discussion, February 01, 2018
Three weeks ago: "Don't sell at 14k, it'll go back up"

Two weeks ago: "Don't sell at 12k, it'll go back up"

One week ago: "Don't sell at 10k, it'll go back up"

thinking emoji
If you liked btc at $20k, you must love it at $9.5k!
Its in the 8Ks!!!! Unbelievable! 
What if McAfee is manipulating the price down, because he REALLY wants to eat his own dick?...
So which meme is going to make my magic internet money go up again? HODL isn't working, talking about lambos and to the moon isn't working, and neither is complaining about FUD and Chinese new Year. 

HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If we all start tweeting excessively and get bitcoin trending can we invoke another artificial bubble? 
So McAfee's dick is still safe: https://diegorod.github.io/WillMcAfeeEatHisOwnDick/
Does nobody think that it will continue dropping. What is the actual underlying value in Bitcoin, it is purely based on market sentiment, if the sentiment drops, the price drops. It appears forums like this are full of people with hope more than anything. Sorry to be naysayer, just trying to understand more
[deleted]
Hey guys, I've been travelling for 6 months. Wow BTC is doing great. Any news?
Another day, Another hodl
I think 50 Cent was cashing out
Bring out those kids who predicted bitcoin would reach 25k USD by Feb 2k18. 
The only sure trading strategy that works is buy high sell low. 
CryptoNick deleted his twitter
And his last month of youtube videos
As long as this recovers by the time I have to pay the downpayment on my house, we'll be good.
How come this thread isn't pinned like usual? Had to search for it. 
I am just waiting for a chance to buy 1 entire btc :)

[deleted]
Im just holding because Im not trying to call the bottom and don't want to sell at the bottom. anyone else in this boat?
Im going down with this ship.
hash rate took a nosedive.  2 blocks discovered in the last hour.  what's going on?
REMEMBER GUYS, this all started after the coinbase maintenance. It was going up right up to the scheduled maintenance then all of a sudden after an extended maintenance it all went downhill from there without brakes.

Sorry for the rants guys, it's a really bad day to trade btc right now. hopefully it gets better from here.
What a rollercoaster! This is fun to watch for someone with nothing invested.
The worst thing isn’t the paper loss it’s people now saying they told me so.

*goes to makes some cold coffee out of ground up dirt and river water*
Will bitcoin recover and pass the 11 grand mark again? That's the question 
EMOTION! IRRATIONAL JUDGEMENT! 
hodl me tight boys.
All this HODL forever talk is silly. I did some selling to get my principle back out of my profits and it was worth it. Would do it again 10 times out of 10. First rule of making money is to not to lose money.
Might be coz of India FUD. I am from India, and trust me govt didn't say exactly what the news is posting. All that the parliament said is that Crypto is not legal tender.
We're back! To the Moon now!
was nice knowing you guys
I'm high now and having one of those crypto epiphanies. I was just sitting here imagining all those transactions successfully executed. How many? Millions? Billions? Friends we are talking about a grass roots open source democratic borderless trustless decentralized transparent financial ecosystem that WORKS! It's been proven massively for the whloe word to see!!!!! Bitcoin is here to stay ...
GDAX was offline for maintenance, and no sooner did it come back on line we saw this sudden BTC sell off. Was this due to a batch of market order sells that were executed at once resulting in a flurry of panic selling thereafter?
Does anyone agree, with this much scrutiny on the tether situation.. everyone pretty much agrees they are guilty. Wouldn’t it’s insolvency be priced in already??? Or at least partially?
Buy now or wait?
What in the fuck is going on lol, did China fall into the ocean or something
I’m sad, it’s dark, and I’m scared. Does anybody have good news?
My alerts I set for coinbase back in November are now going off. FeelsBadMan
I'm scared hodl me
Hey hey heyyyy... wasu wasu wasuuup!
Heyy heyy heyy!
Goodness, look at how asymmetrical the book has gone:

https://i.imgur.com/k5JsLMv.png
fuck fuck fuck 

stop falling

Does anyone have any ideas why the BTC drop right now?

It seems some whales start to dump the BTC again.
b b buy the dip right g guys..
Time to panic hodl
Call me a panic seller if you want, but I'm out. I sold it all. I don't think we've seen the bottom yet, but when we do I'm getting back in. I've got an order in for 6.5k.
Medic 
I miss 19 
I took  the risk and I'm prepared to go down with the ship, ill never let go!
If you think the price is the most interesting thing about bitcoin - sell.

If you think there is value in a decentralized immutable ledger, and you want to support the concept regardless of the potential loss - hold.

If you're addicted to checking this reddit: put your funds on a hardware wallet. Sign up to a developer chat or an enthusiast meetup - focus on more than price. You'd be amazed at the development that is happening and the potential of the technology (at least I am).

Ignore all references to FUD, Whales, Technical Analysis (it's bogus), Pumps and Dumps, Buy the Dip etc.
This thread is filled with pure emotion and calls for panic selling. What about bitcoin has changed for you to justify selling? Do you no longer believe in the potential for bitcoin as a global, decentralized system of trust? If so, why not?  Why did you ever buy bitcoin? What's most frightening about this recent collapse is that I'm discovering just how many people are in this space only for the purpose of gambling. If that's the case, I look forward to them leaving as they're not contributing anything useful to the community.
Guys, avoid dead cat bounces. The market is still in a downtrend. These types of bounces happen in big drops, as much of the trading is done by bots that will buy in as soon as certain triggers are hit and the trend reverses (RSI, Low BB, etc.). 
I was really angry this December because I had $30k in my bank stuck because my account was frozen or some shit and I couldn't buy any crypto. My money finally came and I now realize my money being stuck was a blessing in disguise. Now I can buy any coin for super cheap. I'm hoping it drops to 5k or even 1k so I could start buying.
Let‘s remind ourselves here why we bought btc in the first place: a censorship resistant and permissionless system where no fucking institution tells me with whom I am allowed to transact with. This is an investment that bets against a repressive system built and maintained by corrupt governments and corporations that serve their own needs. If you still haven‘t grasped this then please sell all your coins and GTFO.
I'm begging "HODLERs" to lay off of it for a day. It is wholly irresponsible to push desperate people to gamble in a bear market at a point where they can save some of their assets and buy in lower.
This drop is killing me.
It's about to be below 9k.... sos
I've temporarily pulled out, let me know when to go in deep again. 

This isn't the first time I've said this. lol
Did you see that massive sell when it reached $9k.. that's manipulation on a massive scale. It's the only explanation for someone to sell at that point
How much money are these exchanges making off fees? 
I've only ever seen anything trade like this once in my life - literally only one 1 day. It's insane and awesome at the same time.
I'm still waiting for the wall street guys' bonus that will pump the price for us....
Where are the HODLerzzzzz
who the fuck is selling right now? I fell like everyone who panic sold sold already so whats going on here? manipulation?
200 month moving average at 7700-7800. Impatient to see what happens if this is touched
Don't forget: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbZ8zDpX2Mg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-fWDrZSiZs
holy shit look at the support between 8250 and 8150
Fuck this shit
Bitcoin Core 0.16.0 Release Candidate 2 has just been tagged, getting closer to the final release with full Segwit support!

https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/releases/tag/v0.16.0rc2
I can in no way suggest to buy the dip.
RIP Pineapple Fund
Its like watching Rocky getting the shit beaten out of him and he still gets up to fight
*schadenfreude intensifies*
Just bought my 1st £200 of Bitcoin.... no idea what I’m doing, but should be a laugh and I don’t mind loosing the £200
Better chance of happening... pick one.

Will Bitcoin will see $1k again? Will Bitcoin will see $20k again?
So I just saw a video from the Wolf of Wall Street, and he pretty much called everything from December on. It's not what buyers will want to watch, but if you're curious give it a listen.

http://money.cnn.com/video/news/2017/12/11/qmb-wolf-of-wall-street-jordan-belfort-warns-about-bitcoin.cnnmoney/index.html

The rally, the giant spike from 10K to 20K, the pump and dumps in altcoins, the downturn, the sentiment going to shit, and BTC cratering.  
John McAfee's dick must be terrified right now. 
 Donating a bitcoin to shroud is so cool. I can’t believe someone donated 12,000 dollars. Cause 10,000 dollars is a lot of money like what would you do with 8,000 dollars?
well looks like its going downhill
5 Sat/Byte can get confirmed and people still pay 200+ sat/Byte
[Getting Stronger](https://youtu.be/TnqZl_blT7E)
Interesting stuff happening rn.
The support up to 8,000 is nice. Gives me more confidence that the end is near. End of bitcoin or end of the dump. Lol
So can anyone explain the crash for a market noob/nonbitcoin holder? (or hodler in this case)
Looks like its crashing right now, gl people.
This is so funny... we have multiple levels of people depending on the "average entry price"... and as soon as it falls to the lower level those people start to selling, and the ones below saying HODL :) so we have the same comments on reddit every single day just by different "level" people :)

At least in 30 years I'll be too old to care about how much money I lost. Something to look forward to.
My price alerts from a couple months ago are going off lol.
Somebody hodl me I'm scurred:(
I am panicking
Watch the price dip while listening to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6o-ETbHluLE
I'm Panic Hodling right now...I wanna sell but the FOMO is strong in me...
I suppose there's only so many times you can say HODL, but it's true. People have to understand that the price since November (probably even earlier) has been fueled almost entirely on speculation, rather than technology or usage. So many more people know about bitcoin now, and I really feel we're in a good position to see some long term growth. From here it may go up, may go down, but I'm confident that in a couple of years I'll be so so glad I didn't sell. 
Run.....
As it looks now, I would rather invest in PS4 then in BTC.

in 2018 Bitcoin will hit 100.000$..... Marketcap.... rofl.
Dont do anything with emotions.
Wait, calm down... the price will back to rise.
Just a bad monent.
trust in this strong market
If you’re freaking out because you bought high, wait 4 years. If bought high in December 2013 you were freaking out January 2014. But if you held, you’d still be profitable right now.  

Patience is key here folks.
I’m going off line now - see you guys in October to take my initial investment out & keep all my profit in.  Don’t be short sited brothers zoom out & relax. Peace 🖖🏻  
For those that haven't seen it there is a negative [NY Times article](https://mobile.nytimes.com/2018/01/31/technology/bitfinex-bitcoin-price.html) about Bitfinex, Tether and the recent subpoena. 
Im truly disgusted
At this point the news just has to suggest FUD and the price drops to a new bottom.  
6000 is pretty much the cost of mining one bitcoin. If whales and miners still want this game, they better save the market now.
Has anybody done some analysis of the blockchain to see if the addresses that are selling since the dip began tend to the be the ones that were buying during the swell?

I'm just kind of curious if there is a way to tell if its the same money coming out that went in...i.e. if the people who bought the upswing pulled their money out, or if it was longer-term positions taking profit.
bcash is rekt. 

: ) 
Soon we will know how much BTC is REALLY worth.... beyond the speculation. That will be good info to have.
hodl ?
on the plus side, always feels good to see bcash down
9500 will be tested
safe to say I'm shaking in my boots, just a little bit - seeing the value of something dip (something I own!) 15k in a month hurts. 
I just woke up and see 9200. So the official breakdown to 8k begins? So what's the FUD this time?

Or just no FUD but the whale leaves to the retail bagholders?
time to test 9k. Will it pass?
So we are back to 700?, Like a market reboot(?)
8700 has got beaten thrice now. The brave lads at the 8500 wall are gearing up to hold this charging monster.
It it below 9000 yet?
Check the spread between Bitfinex and GDAX. Looks like Tether is starting to tank.
SELL!
Wow someone just loaded up
We're back to where we were an hour ago. Clearly, moon.
What a bounce 
goodbye 8k
Just out of curiosity, how many bitcoin you guys here are holding?
all board the fomo train
We did it boys! Back to the moon now!
South Korea should be waking up around now. How is this going to go? Mass dump or resurrection? Place your bets, gentlemen.
if I trade is it considered not hodling? 
lol back down the shit hole
wow, what a beat down.  It's not like I'm going to sell at this point anyway so hodl it is.
If it drops any lower I will start being in the red and I bought in right after thanksgiving 
If you've got the chips buy the dips.
folks, don't forget. tomorrow we'll have black friday
Massive buy walls appeared at 8500
US official statement to the Bitcoin price drop:
"Bitcoin has collapsed primarily due to office fires"
Y'all need to chill tf out. If you bought early then you're up tons. Relax and believe in the system you invested in. If you bought high relax, you invested in an infant technology that we believe will revolutionize the world. 

Of course we'd all like new highs everyday, but c'mon we all know that's not realistic. Get away from the price checking. Go for a run, swim, walk. Talk to a friend you haven't in a while. Go smell a flower. There's more to life then "sick gains". Live for now cuz tomorrow ain't guaranteed.

Bitcoin will be back. It always has. And if this is the true death of bitcoin  (it's not) then we all got an amazing education in basic computer science, human emotion,  and finance. 

Much love to yall. This sub has been awesome.
Trying to call the bottom is like trying to catch a falling knife. Good luck.
Saw a 50 buy wall right next to a 20 buy wall on gdax and about 2 mins later a massive 70.5 sell wall appears. hmmm.
Rest in pieces :( 
Bye bye mainstream adoption and buyers. Close eyes spread arms and fall backwards. 
You'll never forget your first...
I sold and switched to short. Thank me
What do we do now? Do we BUY THE DIP?? And which one of the dippity dips is the one?
Guys, we all love crypto, it is great for trading, and the volatility has made us a lot of $$$. However, just realize that nearly all of the value in BTC is speculation and gambling. No one actually cares about utility. But for whales with huge holdings, this could go to less than $1.

Much of the price action is driven by activities illegal in regulated markets (wash trading, loading the order book, etc.), and you are experiencing the consequences of these  actions right now.
*Something weird is happening.*

Why has Bitcoin become impervious to major news such as Lightening surpassing 1,000 open channels on the mainnet.

Normally this should've had a disrupting effect on the price, yet the price continues to follow a downtrend.
[deleted]
I'm 100% liquid right now and ready to buy a tonne. Waiting for the bottom!
It's always fudest before dawn
Yes keep falling..... once it hits 7k more dump then 6k, then 5k no problem 
[removed]
uhm, what happened, went from 8.4k to 8.7
feel like my life is ruined 
Does anyone else think that once the dust settles from this correction a few alt coins are going to have a shot at the moon? 2018 will be the year for crypto 2.0. I think BTC will remain king but the number 2 and 3 spots are up for grabs.
Media spreading FUD about banning bitcoin in INDIA. Actual words by finance minister “The government does not consider cryptocurrencies legal tender or coin, and will take all measures to curb the use of these crypto-assets in financing illegitimate activities or any part of payment systems,” . 

Wrong interpretation: Bitcoin is illegal.
Correct interpretation: Bitcoin cannot be used as legal tender. Bitcoin cannot be used for illegitimate activities.

The video of FM speaking is at the end of the article here : https://coincrunch.in/2018/02/01/no-arun-jaitely-did-not-say-bitcoin-will-be-banned/
Really trying to resist buying more right now, I cost averaged down to 11k from 13k :D, but I already put in way more than I'm comfortable with
The worst thing about this dip is that Andreas is not a millionaire anymore. :(
The battle at 8500 has begun.

EDIT: Didn't even last a minute. It's taking in water fast folks.
It’s holding good at $8500 threshold 
Yawn. Wake me up in 6 months. 
seems like a lot of the people who are passionately trying to convince us HODLers to sell are really really really uninformed about crypto. i know that i will laughing at u guys in just a few mounths. now im buying cheap coins. just inform urself about a topic before typing the fear out of ur stupid mind in a subreddit....
This discussion turns on a dime. When it dips everybody freaks and sells then when it's on the climb people are so happy and optimistic hodling and loving life.
I'm writing the word Tether in this thread, simply because it has seemingly not shown up yet.
im afraid of tomorrow, moon or doom?
hope sellers are exhausted by now, in both energy and money
Remember folks, there is no such thing as bad publicity. The lower the price goes, the more it makes the news, the more people remember it's meteoric rise, the more buyers we have.

 My original investment was $250. I pulled that out in December, nothing but profit from here on out regardless.

Edit for a deleted comment: If it's in the mainstream news, there's money in it. Bitcoin wouldn't be reported on if there weren't interested viewers.
don't you worry, it will all be over soon
this is stupid af  
Just saying
Pop? 
Posts like these need more views, the "India Ban" is fake news folks:

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7uhxf5/india_is_not_banning_cryptocurrencies_stop_this/

Edit: Lol, the fud-trolls are downvoting that post and upvoting the fud/fake-news posts.
I predicted a massive crash late January or early February. It will rise again. 
Friends btc will take 5% of gold market & be worth 25k this year. 
This'll end up in history books without a doubt. It's textbook, 100%, genuine dyed in the wool bubble collapse behavior. I'd been afraid to use that word lately but there's absolutely no question now.

We're about to tank so insanely hard, it's going to really really hurt.
this all started after the coinbase resumption what the fuck
Everybody was buying last days, could this mean that brokers are shorting Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies?

Is now a good time to get in the BTC game?
Is it safe to buy a car privately for bitcoin? I was going to spend and replenish and a guy online is selling his car for bitcoin. 
Alright, who pooped the bed? 
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/HmFFg
Credit card companies will no longer allow purchases on Coinbase without charging a cash advance fee. 
Here comes the US sell off - brace yourselves for freefall
YUGE buy-wall at 9000.
None of the countries can say crypto to be any official currency. That would just make it official for that country to start trading in Crypto currency in daily grocery sales. The government has to deny it, but that's how decentralized system work. Right?
When setting up a wire transfer from my bank to the exchange, my bank is asking for a first/last name but the wire deposit instructions from the exchange don't necessarily state a first/last name for me to use?
Help! I'm new to this!
Best subredit today.
Paid for my Trezor with BTC when it was around 16k. Started buying in around $6500. The way I see it, I picked up a Trezor at a huge discount...
What's a good buying and selling strategy? I find myself wanting to impulse buy (but only with money I'm willing to lose).
So self imposed
what is happening? can someone do a TL;DR of why it's dipping this low? Is it just the India thing? Is it bc Asia is asleep? 

I'm kinda new to this and i feel like i'm missing part of the puzzle.
The sky is falling!
Wow look at the bounce. Volatility to the max, is anyone actually day trading right now?
I've never ever seen GDAX bounce from $8400 to $8870 in barely 2 minutes.
this can't be good for bitcoin, right?
There is less up and down bounce on GDAX than a twerk contest
Ah this is perfect for me. My biggest fear with Bitcoin is that I wont be able to accumulate enough. 
All ammo used up.
Can I move my bitcoins from blockchain.info wallet to electrum withouth paying any fees?
is this the Fudpocalypse?? Is the great untethering gonna happen??
When was it last under 9k? We were getting all those Over 9000 memes around thanksgiving, maybe early December, so all the people freaking out have only owned for what, two months?
Maybe there will be a flood of cheap GTX 1080 Ti's on the market.
When will the long futures start to pump? It feels like someone is driving the price down so they can buy in cheaper.
Elliott Wave analysis since 08-JAN-2018 has held well so far...

1. https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7pldq5/2018_bitcoin_elliott_wave_crash/

2. https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7ptsg3/2018_cryptocurrency_crash_elliott_wave_final/

3. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2711461.0
Any Paragon Coin bag holders here?   Join the class action lawsuit....https://www.courthousenews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/Crypto-fraud.pdfhttp://www.businessinsider.com/crypto-company-paragon-faces-lawsuit-from-investors-who-want-their-money-back-2018-1﻿
the amount of people who come to this sub just to spread FUD and have absolute no idea what they are talking about is hilarious. If you think bitcoin is dead then welcome to the 20th chapter of that story. 
On a possibly positive note the down volume spikes are getting smaller...so maybe the fall is running out of fuel. 
Shitcoin won’t stop farting ⛽️⛽️
How you hodling up? What’s your loss looking like 
[deleted]
People do ur taxes and show losses as Trump has mandated it in USA. Then u can keep the gain when it comes.
Check out the post on the Kraken Exchange twitter feed. Someone posted a screenshot from their Amazon Sellers account with a notation about Bitcoin.
and just like that we are back to 8600! 
Just a noob, but I am trying to buy in this dip. Why are exchange prices such shit? I cannot use GDX because MN. Gemini is still verifying. Cex.io rates are just so bad. That shit just *barely* went under 10k. What's my best option for nearest market price?
Titanic 2 - "This time there's no survivor"
I wonder if we eill see 7.7k sooner than expected
I guess tonight is the night to say goodbye for real. My margin is too low to close i wont be able to recover if i cut my losses now. I have enough to cover the fees for a few days but once my stop loss gets hit again its goodbye crypto until we hit the choo choo train again. 
8.3 seems to be support... for now

It'll be interesting to see if it can handle another assault or not.  If it breaks, I wager we'll see low 7s by tomorrow.
Fuck gravity.
Wow looks like the support will be broken no matter what! Let’s see if the 800 btc wall will be next in a few hours
Okay, who left the gate to the bull pen open again?
What a day. Clearly worse than the Christmas eve massacre
So how's the accumulation going in here? I'm out of planned fiat for this round but if BTC gets much lower I'll have to pick some more up.  It's nice getting so much more BTC now for the same $$ buys, brings me back years ago to 2 months ago.
It is now 60% off the high. This makes it almost as bad as the 2013-2014 selloff 
huge green right naw from 8.1k to 8.4 what a cray cray coin
we fighting back boys
Mayday Mayday!!
kinda calm now actually...
whatever happened to "if your hairdresser tells you about an investment then it's too late" ?

I saw dumb celebrities talk about bitcoin
It's falling...but there are some big buy orders there that get filled.
Expecting the mother of all bull runs in the coming 2 months.
Some points to think... All marketcap now 450 bilions. Last month the top marketcap was 800 bilions ATH. Is expected that have around 700 bilions more waintg to join this market. Only in Binance exchange open 250 thousants new accounts every single day.  Imgine all others exchanges. Here in Brazil all exchanges have a thousand new accounts day by day. The 1 trillion marketcap is near, maybe 2 or 3 months, after all FUDs. In november 2017 we watch all cryptos prices 3x in just 1 month. Think about it. Dont panic. Its a stromg market. Still grown up. Will grow a lot more. I can predict a marketcap around 5 trilions dec/18. Just be patience. Dont lost money
$10000 is going to be such a relief (again). It's weird how that works.
Price is dropping like a rock if no one has noticed. Possibly the bubble burst
People lost money. People are pulling out and not coming back in ever. I don’t think the price will break 15k for a long long time 
help me HODL guys I'm losing my faith, bough for 15k now i 9k and going down, from 40k im down to 22k because. this correction. :-(
9560... that’s it? Come on baby and let’s ride the wave. Hope those Coinbase alerts start chirping
this isn't because of that India FUD. whoever sells because of that is stupid
Lets be honest no one knows why the price is dropping again today....
Where are all the people who recently claimed this couldn't fall below 10k?
I put in a buy order at 9.5k 3 months ago, thinking it would never hit that again. But just for funzies.
  
Well I woke up (luckily) only 40 dollars poorer. But it was strange surprise to be sure. My poor avg percentage growth rate, I was so used to seeing you green.
I'm really glad it finally got into the $8,000s. If you look at the chart for the last year, it was growing pretty steadily until it hit 8k, and then it jumped up way too fast. I feel like it'll drop a little more and then steadily increase a little for each month. The boring times after a price drop are the best time to buy imo.
Invested the last of my disposable during this dip. See you brave lads in the summer.
someone buying the dip ?
CRYPTO WILL RISE LIKE A PHEONIX FROM THE ASHES HODL


Dead cat bounce.
Screw this ... I'm going to bed and hopefully to a good dream.
Sooooooo........ Can we all wait until it goes to $1 again :) 
[deleted]
Reasons for this DIP: India & Bitfinx/Tether

DeFUDing India: Initial reports misrepresented what minister of finance said about crypto, claiming it was illegal and would be eliminated. The news spread like a wild fire on twitter. Hours later people translated the actual speech and it turned out to be "eliminate usage of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin in criminal use cases." Infact, Indian crypto users got tax notices two weeks ago indicating India's plan to tax and regulate the crypto space.

DeFUDing Tether: There is fear that tether has no usd to back it's 2.3 billion coins in circulation and there is evidence that suggests this may be the case. However there is no way to know anytime soon. All crypto currencies besides tether are essentially not backed by any assets and rely on customer demand to establish a price. Crypto price depends on several factors like useful functionality, popularity and future prospects. Tether is very useful because it allows users to easily transfer fiat (substitute) between exchanges without having to pay for wire transfers and wait several days. It's also very popular because of this. Even if there was no FIAT in the bank (their pre audit in september had nearly half a billion in 3 banks) the crypto market could still valuate tether as worth $1 USD sans fiat and it would be valid under their Terms of Service and not necessarily against the law. Even if some agency was to invalidate tether (would be very hard) it would still not affect the market much because it's less than 1% of the entire market share. Some other things that relieve the FUDs: subpoena against tether came in December following the reported tether hack (as you would expect) not this week as fake news bloomberg reported, Bitfinx/Tether rep actually offered another bloomberg reporter to look at all their accounts in multiple banks if they sign a non disclosure, however the reported declined but reported this fact. Additionally, respected whaleclub.io member claims he has seen proof of Tether's fiat filled bank accounts and invites any non believers to come talk to him in whale club team chat.

Based on the way we stayed at 10k for a long time despite weeks of fud and because of recent Soros revelations of bitcoin being used for government corruption nest eggs I am guessing that BTC will bounce back fairly well after the panic settles a bit.
Bitcoin is gonna keep going down. I wouldn’t buy or sell right now. The hype is over and people are realizing that bitcoin has no real use yet ( high fees ) 


We got exited on by the 10 percent of people who own 80%. lol JfudingK.. sickest ponzi of all time

fuds
[deleted]
no green dildos for the past hour and a half. we goin down boys. see you at 5k (hopefully not)
Has the Crypto Bubble finally popped?
lol that was a billionaire's pathetic attempt of trying to save the market. 
bitcoin February flash sale special 48 hours only
This sucks
So much negativity here. Yes it is dropping. We are still up from not too long a go (9 weeks ago it was $8.000). Everybody expecting it to always go up and panick when it doesn't shouldn't invest or investing more then they can afford to lose. And yes, some people bought it for $20.000. When i bought it went down and i had to wait until it reached that price again. If you don't think it will reach $20.000 ever again, why did you buy it at that time since nothing really changed since.
$800 is supposed to be the actual technical bottom because that's what it's worth based on the people who are using it as a currency. Everything else is just speculation and greed.
hodl brothers in bitcoin. Show the world your strong hands.
Watching GDAX is going to get NSFWH in the next hour. That’s Not Suitable For Weak Hands 
Somewhere out there Charlie Lee is twisting his moustache.
Bitcoin make you wanna turn around and say goodbye?

This may (but probably won't) cheer you up!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIbXvaE39wM
[removed]
The best time to sell was in December. The second best time to sell is now. 
[deleted]
I love it when people undercut other people and cause the fucking thing to crash /s Like for the love of god stop undercutting others cause your hands are weak you fucks. 
C'mon where are the bulls? Buy the dips with both hands! Mortgage your house so you can lose all your money.
Well since there's no way for me to buy crypto without paying about 20$+ in fees per transaction, I think I'm done.
I don't think the correction phase is over just yet. I believe it will settle nicely somewhere around the 8k support today with the possibility (at a stretch) of it hitting the mid 7000's before correcting back to somewhere between 9500 and 10100 in the next few days. If it closes beneath 8700 today then 6-5.5k would not be off the cards. As long as we never close beneath 8k (or at least recover the next day) during the falling wedge pattern we should see a bull run fairly soon. Note that i'm trading with USDT on Binance so you might want to account for the current difference between that and USD. Just my opinion though I could be completely wrong. Don't take my advice without doing your own research. SERIOUSLY!
I'm think im about to give up crypto. Every week there is DIP . It become a buy high sell low scenario. I understand i should HODL. But look at the current stats for most top 20 cryto , no crypto is safe. Also every altcoin is mirror to Bitcoin index. Anything that happen to Bitcoin it affect everyone. 

Only way to make money is buy during Pump and then take the profit and sell. Example look at TRON most ppl make money if they brought it at .04 and sell when it hit .20 otherwise you make nothing. Because TRON is at the bottom low .05 

Tell me an crypto make profit if u hold from Dec or Jan? 

/end rant. call me weakhand or whatever . That is how i feel at the moment.﻿
Guys remember, that you can still get out of this and save some money. Sure, you can't "call the bottom," but if you think this will go lower than 9k, then sell now and put a moving limit order below the price you sold at. For example, sell at 9k, and when it drops to 8.5, put an order at 8.75, when it drops to 7.5, put an order at 7.75, etc. If the market does rebound, you get more coins than if you hold now. You could triple your coin stash if you sell now and buy back in at 3k!
[deleted]
For two hours nothing basicly moved... i guess we could see a slow rise for a few hundred
HODL!
Panic!
I don't understand the market anymore. they are several good news for bitcoin, the price even clinch a $. A supposed BAN for X country and boom, welcome to hell...
Wow...Not saying it's over, but that $8700 test price that almost EVERY analyst stated was a solid estimate for a bottom just hit and rebounded back over 9k in less than 15 minutes. 
It could still tank again but seems like that price by so many analysts triggered the bulls threshold for auto buy.
[deleted]
Gotta admit - I'm kinda blown away by this recovery. I'm ashamed to admit it but I'd called BTC's time of death earlier today.
Where is my lambo summer, where is my lambo
When this is going to stop? If turns out tether is fake, that’s it, the end! I’m not spreading any FUD but this looks very scary everyday that pass.. I’m scared of looking at the price..
Wait so a 51% attack is happening right now?
Word to the wise about these bounces. Historically there are many of them along the way down. Assuming that any one is a bottom is very risky, and you'll probably guess wrong if you try to do so.  The sellers are here - and while buyers can get in and shoot the price up quickly, there simply aren't enough of them that want in. Once they stop buying the price just goes right back where it was.
[removed]
Sold 90%. If BTC dies I lose $200 max so it’s not awful. 
If we've hit bottom, I'm going to feel pretty good about my charting! https://www.tradingview.com/x/NK59NyEP/
STOP SELLING YOU IDIOTS
btc = ded

sell before its 2 late

dont HODL!!!

do panic!!!
I love reading the comments when the price is down. It's just comedy in the comments. Im just sad when the price goes back up and all the clowns hide :(
bitcoin is rip
I mean look, could we really expect another bull run if there was never going to a bear run? It can't go up if it doesn't go down. This is just getting things primed for the next launch.
CMC shows the biggest gainer is President Trump (PRES) that too by 2,542.61% !!
I hope it drops to 5k in 2018.
Now that the price is dropping, I'll only be able to afford 4 lambos!  Never investing into crypto again.
Was it that bad last year? Sorry folks, I only get in on July.. just wondering if it’s like that every January.. thanks in advance to the ones that replies..
why did BTC price goes down so fast
Good times. 
I thought the sellers were stopping earlier
So this can be related to India FUD.
On an Indian Exchange, one of the biggest in India, ZebPay, today 1500 BTC got traded, whereas on a normal day it is usually 500-600 BTC at max. 
But can just 1500 BTC can cause this much damage?
How low will it go today? Betting on 8800. Your call?
Big dip, but I don't think the bubble is bursting just yet. Buy now at a discount for when the price jumps when BTC trading goes online at Robin Hood.
Elliott Wave analysis since 08-JAN-2018 has held well so far...

1. https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7pldq5/2018_bitcoin_elliott_wave_crash/

2. https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7ptsg3/2018_cryptocurrency_crash_elliott_wave_final/

3. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2711461.0
I'm still seeing a lot of 0.001 trades on gdax
Man, these GDAX charts are going nuts. 
Why was the common sentiment for the bottom $8K. Was it technical analysis of the chart?
goodbye 8k
who sold at the bottom ??
On the 1 hand i know it recovers. On the other hand i hope it doesnt recover too much cuz dont get my fatass check until a couple months from now so i can buy more bitcoin.
https://lambodreams.com/2018/02/01/cdc-82-percent-january-xanax-scripts-written-crypto-investors/
Halfway Through?

https://redd.it/7umjf9
[deleted]
im going to short the shit out of this coin with my .00000000000001 left. 
Some big ass buy walls down around 8500. Gonna take a lot to chew those up.
The whole point is to not listen to others. Hold it well!
Bitcoin = BeatDown Coin
Elliott Wave

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2711461.0
https://wallet.tether.to/app/#!/signup - fell off!

Who knows what is happening with USDT?
Amazing that the volume keeps rising. Long weekend for us boys
Yooo so if I sell my btc immediately and then buy more for the same ammount of money I've sold it with, do I end up with more btc or not?
Oh wow it's still falling. HODL or short?
Nice wall on 8250, seems to be holding.
what is the cost in USD to mine 1 bitcoin? I read currently it is around 6K, but want confirmation.

Can the price drop beyond mining cost? Will the system collapse, if it does?
the buy wall is scooting down
There sure is a lot of blood in the streets today.
What is everyones predictions on the bottom? Mine was 8k...but im surprised we are not seeing more buyers here.
cryptofeels.net

check out that sweet 24hr volume
Oh man this wall looks so small its getting destroyed 
One sweet ass pump and dump
I have a question because I know nothing about trading.  Why do all coins follow BTCs lead?  
Surely not everyone is selling EVERYTHING right now?
[deleted]
Dude you are a total pill. Can you point me to a statistic about people who are "tripping jumping off balconies? No because it doesn't happen. Did you time travel from the nineteen fifties? Reefer madness dude.

Second layer solutions are already being implemented to scale bitcoin. Sounds like consensus to me
[deleted]
To the people cheerleading, the opposite of FUD
I ask you, tether, lighting, block chains, electronic wallets, coins diverging to different coins

Do you really think the average joe is going to use this as currency? Moms and dads ? Grandparents? 

I think maybe 20 years from now, that's a long time to wait and by then don't you think some other coin created by Visa or MasterCard, organizations with the infra structure in place to perform transactions fast and safely will have created their own coins?
btc is ded

sell before its 2 late

dont HODL!!!
[deleted]
To all of us who have lost many thousands and life savings in the past few hours.... do we take what we have left and go home or continue to hold on for dear life. I was in for the long run but my gut is running deep.
Sell all your BTC before it's too late.
SELL EVERYTHING!!!!
rule n° 1 of trading: sell low buy high.
When moon 
listen Bitcoin !!! Nobody likes you anymore. Take a hike.
Here comes the rally following the India FUD.
Remember, a bitcoin sold is a bitcoin brought.
I’m not seeing many of the “chill out guys, cheap coins on sale!” comments this time.
I panic sold some bitcoin back when it dipped to $10,500, and then it immediately shot back up to like $12,000 and then higher. I've been resisting the urge to do the same thing now, but I was getting weak and decided to transfer some bitcoin off my Trezor onto GDAX so that I could sell if it went any lower—and LITERALLY the moment I plugged my Trezor into my computer the price started going back up. WTF—it feels like bitcoin reacts to my actions specifically. But I guess a lot of people feel that way lol.
if u got bucks to buy, divide it into 3rds.
buy 1/3 rd now(double bottom), 1/3 rd in a week and 1/3rd after 14k passed
[removed]
Wish I had money to buy this dip. $9400 Now.
7.7k here i go!!!!
I feel like the bitcoin millionaires are also cashing out big time. imagine if you have thousands of bitcoin you bought sub $100. 
[deleted]
well would u rather have a slow ass dip like this or a large -30% dip like before?
lol price at Bitfinex
HODL!!!
and just like that, up $150. someone's buying the dip!
Something just triggered a ton of buying once it hit 8400
Wait, what does HODL mean? Im new to this lol
lol theres like no floor wtf
How long is bitcoin going to be down for and how low can you go. 
the green walls are futile 
Morning..... oh dear. Goodbye bitcoin.
How suspicious is it that we were recovering above 10k last night and gdax goes offline.  

Then gdax comes back online early morning when everyones asleep and plummets the price.

Coinbases manipulation and insider trading is out of hand. They need to get the fuck out of crypto or someone needs to go to prison.

Cue that guy who posts all the coinbase corruption links.
[deleted]
Relax people. If you believe in bitcoin, then now is a great time to buy. I have quite a bit locked up in Bitcoin and I am not concerned. The streets are running red right now but it won't be like this forever. If you are panicking you put too much in that you can't afford losing. Stop looking at the prices if you are going to hodl unless you want to buy more on this dip. 
Mainstream media outlets need to be put under scrutiny and put under all sorts of pressure. This cannot continue. How long more is it going to take even the most blind and unaware to realise it's all elite propaganda. Something has got to give even outside the scope of Bitcoin!
Feels good knowing that bitcoin is proped by billions of dollars from corrupt politicians in ex soviet countries and south america, no where to go but up... eventually
NO NO NO NO NO!  Listen up.  BTC is NOT THE SAME AS THE STOCK MARKET.  What we are seeing is a manipulation of the price so big buyers can buy more BTC at lower prices.  There are BUYERS, BUYERS, BUYERS all wanting to get cheap BTC.  Ask yourself "why would they want to buy BTC if the coin is "cratering"?"  If I really need to answer that question then please do not buy into BTC.  There is only 1 time...I repeat 1 time when I will have legitimate fear and dread.  That is the day when NO ONE is placing buy orders for BTC.  Until that day comes....
HODL whatcha got and thank me later.

it was fun while it lasted guys
Goddammit i missed the bounce again
Any chance big institutions are dropping price so they can enter lower? I heard big institutions were going to start trading bitcoin in Feb.
When the capitulation hits, it is too late. The saddest part is that the "HODL"ers probably have their BTC in some cold storage somewhere and will struggle to get out in time.
Limiting the blocksize to 1mb killed it. Good job
It honestly feels like the powerful central bankers of the world are using their power to crash the almighty bitcoin.
[removed]
Indians will continue selling for at least 3 to 4hrs because of this FUD. I think the price will continue dropping.
I will wait for a few hours and then buy the dip! 
Just because of the India FUD. Are they really that big of a market? Wtf
It could be the AI who owns a lot of bitcoin is selling off, or it could be Satoshi finally laundered all his coins and is dumping. 
None of the countries can say crypto to be any official currency. That would just make it official for that country to start trading in Crypto currency in daily grocery sales. The government has to deny it, but that's how decentralized system work. Right?
All we know is crypto is going to move on and with it btc will go even if it's not #1 this time next year. I can't see the market cap under a trillion 2019. Anything's possible up or down of course, but I mean it could be 2 trillion next year and we'd feel like we knew it would. 
SELL SELL SELL!!!! P.A.N.I.C. !!!!!
curious about how the drop in price is affecting mining difficulty 
At current rates bitcoin is dropping 15%-16% every 24 hours very consistently the past few weeks, I don't see a stabilization happening until $2k.
Wtf?   Now I'm beginning to wish the exchanges are regulated like stock market .... then at least there's a chance that the regulator can step in and halt trading.
holy shit, I'm not sure if I should leave a lowball overnight. This crash looks scary...
DOOM
motherfucking dead cat bounce
I'm going to say 6k - 7k is the absolute bottom. It seems reasonable enough of a guess. Bitcoin did grow, and after all it's been through, I don't see it going lower than 7k. 
Bye the dip and HOOOODL! 
Sell now and buy some real money = gold. Silver is good too.

I'm not trying to be a jerk here. I believe gold & silver will run this year.
Why is 9450 holding but not 9500? Lol
To be fair, the US Stock Market ain't doing too hot either in the future. http://money.cnn.com/2018/01/31/investing/alan-greenspan-bubble-stocks-bonds/index.html
Where is that honey badger?
gj bitcoin looking good 
can you guys group all your "sell now " in one single comment ? we get it, no need to spam shit
Seems to me that all crypto tanking is better from bitcoin’s perspective than if it was just bitcoin tanking, as it means bitcoin isn’t losing too much relative value.
[deleted]
Would you buy now or wait a few more days?
Ssst... is it stabilized?
oh ya!  this is where to put this low quality post! np

ive nothing useful to say but hope you enjoy this link

Redbull Stratos Mission Control world record skydive.

Felix Baumgartner - daredevil

https://youtu.be/2CnH7ZqR6MM


bonus links


bill and ted freefall https://youtu.be/blclmxZHCF0


heavy metal soft landing - remake https://youtu.be/b8l121LGlWU
can you bitcoin keep at 8k until April????
Is GDAX about to run out of Lytecoin trades??
[deleted]
Shit. I sold my Gran's zimmer frame to buy the dip. Told her I'd buy her a new one a soon as the price increased. She's never going to walk again is she?
[removed]
Don't be a bitiot, sell, get in much lower later.

It's not the tech, it's the valuation!

once again, 1 bitcoin sold = 1 bitcoin bought.
HODL wisely
prepare for space travel
recap the "news":

- china ban  an already banned bitcoin
- south korea ban bitcon
- india ban bitcoin

who is next?, japan?, usa?
The dollar is dropping. Everybody get out. It was 8,4 NOK per USD a month ago. Now it's 7,65 NOK. REKT
[deleted]
[removed]
you peeps need to learn to read basic chart patterns like the head and shoulders pattern that was a screaming sell signal end of december.
8k to 6k should be bottom.
It's amazing, 12 minutes ago the 11% loss on the counter just disappeared. It's like it never happened. I am new in crypto everything looks like magic to me, except my wallet.
