Daily Discussion, May 09, 2018
The support above 9k has been unbelievable for Bitcoin as of late. Now we just gotta HODL!
Whew.  I really thought I’d wake up to 8600.  So for this I am happy 
How's the Rat Poison this morning?
Good day all, I know it's early but good to see we showed a decent amount of support to get us above $9k very quickly.  
Does anyone else feel it coming in the air tonight?
Just received my "I got lightning working" stickers,  I really like how well the stickers fit into the remaining space on my notebook cover. Next up in line is the genesis bag and a poster from bitcoinshirts, also payed via lightning.

Lightning is real and it works Ladies and Gentleman.
Just put my first big (ish) chunk of fiat into Bitcoin, been waiting for an entry point and I think this is it... I can smell the bulls coming :D
According to Bitfinex, the dickline has been recaptured. We are back on track! 
The Support at 9000 seems to be strong. 
How will Bitcoin evolve as a currency? As of right now, the process for acquiring, storing, and trading Bitcoin isn't exactly straight forward for the average person. Especially older people who didn't grow up around technology. At the end of the day, people want something that's user friendly and convenient. How can Bitcoin achieve this without centralization? 
For anyone feeling impatient, this date last year BTC was $1550
Damn I just had to buy another $1k worth - more of an emo buy and messed up my DCA but in light of next weeks BIG meet up in NYC and an expected Bull Run... regardless always a good time to buy - 10k next week I’m betting on it! 
Capture the dickline!
What is the reason for the big slide this past week? Things were churning upward so nicely. Thought we were breaking 10k easily. Is it because Bill Gates opened his yap in opposition to crypto? I thought he was a good guy. Gotta protect those billions, Bill? After all, wouldn't your software be a 'fairly direct' cause for people buying and selling drugs over the internet? Hypocrite.
Hi all.  I just popped by for someone to tell me to stop panicking. 
My simple suggestion, let the sellers finish their job before catching the price at cheaper price. Never go against the gains.
Should we do the wave? Lets go Bitcoin chant? Read aloud the little Bitcoin that could?
Spaceships w/spacesuits \- going fast people. Dirt cheap
My wallet just arrived (Ledger S Nano) after two months after I bought it, I have been following the criptomarket since before I could work so I am very excited :) any tip or advice is aprecciated
I've been buying bitcoin since 5k  hodl
10K weekend. 
https://www.palmbeachgroup.com/content/palm-beach-daily/teeka-tiwari-on-the-crypto-kingmaker/40833/

4 days left til were all rich
Btc is on the rise again :)
$8500 is the "floor"  :D
yay I'm back into crypto again
Im off to the gun shop this weekend, so if all you bull whales would make some moves in the next few days, that would be swell. 
SHORTS GETTING BURNT
Wasted aggaaain in Margaritaville...  loooooking for my loooost shaker of 10k...
Soooooome people claim that there's a Buffet to blame, but I know...
Hyperbitcoinatization when? Will it happen?
**KEEP FIGHTING BULLS!**
I sold my coinbase bitcoin and it arrived in my account today so im happy about that
**Keep going Bulls, please don't let all the hard work of the last few weeks go to no avail.  As always your efforts are greatly appreciated by all of us.**
close 9300 today.
Hmm.  Time for the 9300 meme?...  Yawn.
Do people here use coinbase or is that for noobs like me?
On Coinbase. If you have Bitcoin in your BTC account and have a US linked bank account, you can transfer it in USD's to that account but it takes up to 3 days. You can "instantly sell" your Bitcoin which will go into your Cash USD coinbase account, can you then instantly transfer USD to your USD linked bank account?
The battle for $9,300 is real.
If this can just hold through the North American early morning, we can move toward breaking resistance and let Asia take us home past 10k by Saturday morning. 
To the moon!
Should’ve bought 6 hours ago
Tron is rat poison squared. They are down whole day and I ironically commented on their sub “bullish” and actually got upvotes, lol.
[removed]
It is sometimes hard to ignore such manipulation theories
[removed]
According to bitinfocharts, the average BTC tramsaction fee has gone up lately to between $2 and $4. Why? Can we trust that the transaction fees are not going to the roof again? 
