Daily Discussion, January 27, 2018
News of that Asian exchange going broke didn't even move the price downwards. A great sign that all the weak hands have GTFO and it's all strong hands now.
Noob sentiment:
1. "It only went up 50-100 dollars, BTC is going nowhere."  
2. "BTC drops 50-100 dollars. OMG it's dropping, it's going to crash. I'm selling."
Heh hey heeey! Bitcoin going sideways, what am I gonna do?!
How I got into Bitcoin: In november a childhood friend of mine contacted me to me to tell me about this fantastic opportunity called Bitconnect, and how he had made ridiculous amounts of money. He wanted me to join ,using his affiliate off course. I did my own research and realized it was probably a pyramid scheme and turned him down. While researching it I also learned more about Bitcoin. I calculated that he would have earned more if he had just kept his Bitcoin instead of "investing". I bought a bunch of Bitcoin instead.

I felt pretty smart about my decision a few days ago.


Why the hell is this thread so quiet these days
Incoming! Big green candles!
Today is the day I finally feel comfortable paying Coinbase's transaction fee due to the memepool finally clearing 5-10 say/byte transactions.  Time to move this stash offline and into my control.
Are we sideways yet?
Look at that huge dip then.. hardly any significant red sells under it on GDAX.. so how did it dip so hard?
Made some solid progress in the last hour, you guys think we'll break 11.5k tonight?

Edit: Jesus I look away for half a second and it's past $11,550 
I can't transfer money via sepa between my coinbase account and UK bank account because the names have to match. I cant change the coinbase name during the transfer. Any idea on how I can change my coinbase account name so it matches my bank account? Thanks
We go moon now?
Finally broke out. I see a bull rally incoming.
[deleted]
seems bitcoin mooing 

Use the force BTC 
[deleted]
Stay level headed, Monday will be a good day. 
According to Coinmarketcap volume on Bitcoin is extremely low now compared to last weeks. We're getting slowly higher and higher on decreasing volume though. AFAIK it means rather small chances to brake the trend line and go for 12k or more? Am I right? Or it's still all about guessing and volume doesn't tell me as much as I wish it could tell me? Thanks.
As optimistic as this subreddit is, I've found most of the people to be correct. Bcash pumps and dumps, January dip followed by a nice rise, etc. Obviously there's some issues so I have no idea how things will go more than a year out, but I'm really optimistic about bitcoin, ethereum, and a few other cryptos over the next year.
Sorry noobish question. Does the recipient  also pay to open a channel with LN?
I'm honestly surprised the price has stayed this low for so long. Who the heck is selling?
Exciting times ahead! My original entry point was mid December, just bought twice as much as my original investment. See you on the moon 🚀
Seriously guys, please explain. All the green buys on this chart arent moving the price.. when theres a red one there`s a substantial drop.

https://imgur.com/a/LUAcv
[deleted]
Reminder that everything here is just speculation and no one knows for sure where the price is going. Invest carefully and intelligently.
Are we gona break bear or bull? 
Does anyone know of an app/widget for android that shows BTC prices as a screen saver/lock screen display?
How much does the average crypto investor have in the market right now? Any guesses?
If you invested in this price two months ago you were in an area of massive profits. The same will happen again now. 
Bear noooooo
This is different the pattern is breaking 
Something fishy here.. or is it me not knowing what I'm saying. Look at the 1 hour on GDAX. Several large green buys and the price didn't move.. 1 red sell and it dropped like a brick. Can someone explain it. Thanks
Earlier this weeks Steve Wozniak praises bitcoin as digital gold.  Then today announces he sold all his coins of course perfectly at the ATH cause his vision was to travel and only pay for things with it and also he doesn't want to be stressing about the price.  Like seriously?  WTF does he really care about the price, that man does not need Money, nor will his kids or Grandkids and their kids
Are we going to $13k today or back down to $10.5k? Thoughts?
Woah, first. This day could be big for btc :)
When moon 
Anyone else think the interest in bitcoin might fade if the price just rises and dips a little bit but doesn't really change? 
Fasten your seatbelts!
[deleted]
Bears hehe
[deleted]
thoughts on how these prices/ market value is being maintained with such low 24h volume?
Is a range bound AF.
24 hours later and not that wrong 😎
BTC $11,220 right now... will be 10,900 again within 30 minutes.. just watch.
[removed]
Why don't I see the Asian crypto exchange losing more money than Mt gox on this subreddit? Is it being surpressed? I've been looking for two days
What are the cons of a cryptocurrency with a super short confirmation time?  What changes fundamentally with short/long confirmation times?
I tried transferring around $15 USD with bitcoin and the fee was $4. Does this mean if I transferred $150 USD with bitcoin the fee would be $40? Or does the fee % change as the transaction dollar amount goes up?  Very much appreciated!!
Is there any subreddit or other place online where reasonable, well-argued positions on BOTH sides (pro- and anti-bitcoin) are welcome?

I’d like to read something in between the exuberance of /r/bitcoin and the conspiracy-minded pessimism of /r/buttcoin . Does such a place exist? /r/BitcoinMarkets is the closest I’ve found, but a lot of people there are too heavily into technical analysis (which is basically tea leaf reading as far as I’m concerned), not into discussion of the tech long-term.
Eating them sell walls like a cupcake!!
[deleted]
We will all go down together [Ed Sheeran I see fire  ](https://youtu.be/2fngvQS_PmQ) 
