Daily Discussion, January 21, 2018
this happened because there were not enough 12k memes.
Wrong way dammit 
My hatred for banks today reached ATH.
FFS can january and this shit just stop already.
Anyone else think that the utility of blockchain technology is overrated from an economic value standpoint (decentralized pet game platforms being worth hundreds of billions) and that even viable crypto projects seem to only be using their own tokens out of obligation or greed but could do just fine without these tokens? 

I'm long term bullish on decentralized crypto currencies like BTC but extremely bearish about most of the rest that aren't built to act as a currency in mind and with tokens whose utility or advantage over fiat is not clear at all. 
Fuck me. It's the 21st?  I need a day off.
thanks to the added hash rate, it looks like the average block time is almost down to eight minutes. that’s one reason why the mempool is clearing up.

https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/bitcoin-confirmationtime.html#3m
Never seen the community so negative towards BTC - cmon boys WTF 🤷🏼‍♂️
Right, I need to say this. A massive majority of posts here are from people clearly looking for super-fast super-high gains. THIS IS THE PROBLEM WITH THIS MARKET.

Because of thIs inherently short-termist approach, any news, or even rumour of news, sends everyone into a spin, reacting violently and whipping the market around, which in turn leads to more reactive behaviour.

Can you not understand that this is a self-propagating problem?! Short-termism breeds reactive behaviour breeds violent swings, and so on.

It's been said before, but STOP THINKING IN A TIME FRAME MEASURED IN HOURS AND DAYS. For goodness sake just settle down!

If you believe in the projects you are invested in, just hold the damn coins and ease off the obsessive 'where is the price going?!', 'what's the price prediction?!', 'when is the price going back up?!' questions.

Please take this to heart: if you behave reactively and with a short-termist outlook: YOU ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM, YOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO THE MARKET VOLATILITY AND YOU ARE CONTRIBUTING TO YOUR OWN LOSSES.
Reminder: Bitcoin has only been above 5k for about 3 months. 
india FUD: https://www.express.co.uk/finance/city/907786/bitcoin-price-india-cryptocurrency-trading-btc-exchange
I see nothing but good news for BTC but price dropping hard even after last weeks crash smh.
Tried working a bitcoin joke into my sex life. My wife was giving me a bj and I said “Baby, you must be bitcoin cause you’re going down.” She took my dick out her mouth, said “No you must be bitcoin cause you’re struggling to stay up.” She then slapped me and asked for a divorce. 
what was the main reason of down red line of BTC last monday
Typical Sunday blues for Crypto, it'll pick back up Monday. 
So my fiancee's family is from a small town in Ontario. Her dad went to church today, where everybody is 60+, and said the minister's talk was about Bitcoin. The minister first asked if anybody had bought bitcoins, nobody raised their hand, so he asked if anybody knew what bitcoin was... he got nothing and called them a tough crowd
Should I consolidate my entire position into BTC and get out of the alt-coin game? I've seriously considered doing this for a couple of weeks now. The reddit community has been great and a lot of you guys are really intelligent (more than i could hope to be). I'm making the decision tomorrow and if any of you feel like voicing an opinion for or against, regarding the aforementioned strategy please feel free. 
And.. it started. 12k+ here we come.
[deleted]
for those who have watched the market for a while are weekends usually slow for BTC or is that not true in general? 
Did I miss the actual update of when coinbase/gdax are going to implement segwit or did they just never say that?
Why is the segwit adaption growing to 20%? Is it more people using segwit exchanges or (small) exchanges adopting it?
I have a love-hate relationship with Bitcoin atm


ANybody open a gemini account using TD bank?

I opened a coinbase back in early december using tdbank , no issues, and able to transfer, last time was around mid december.

i am trying to open a gemini account today, and when i try to link to TD bank account, gemini gives me a message that my bank is blocking me from enabling external applications.

Has TD banks policy with crypto exchanges changed in the past month?

if tdbank has in fact banned crypto - if  i try to send from coinbase back to my td checking, does that mean the transaction will not go through? or is the ban only if transferring out of my td checking?

on a related note - what crypto friendly banks/credit unions should i open account with, if td bank is not going to work?
[deleted]
With all the recent good news, why is the price dropping right now? It's down 12% in the last 24h.
Why is it that the price charts are so similar? I look at coinbase and while the prices aren't exactly the same, it's uncanny how closely they follow a similar path more often than not. 
http://lambodreams.com/2018/01/22/china-bans-cryptocurrency-for-the-fourth-time-this-week/
Just hodl the drop away
Why is it suddenly dropping so hard?
I'm waiting for BTC to hit maybe 18/19k again so I can finally buy my first car and start getting on with my life. This  will be a big help.
This btc slump need to end! 
To new investors, Dont worry about the people who you see here badmouthing and spreading FUD about Bitcoin they have no leg to stand on when it comes to Bitcoins price, All you have to do is a little research and know that it doesnt matter if Bitcoin goes down after it goes way up because it has done this many many times, If Bitcoin was a professional baseball player it would be batting 1000, And even if the bubble does pop and it will still recover because it has recovered from that too.
Next week a lot of 4Q earnings will be reported. I wonder if a great 4Q announcement would recharge the bulls? I have no idea..
So, how will the blocks look like when LN is widely used? 

Will the blocks contain channel closings and openings? 

Where will LN transactions be stored if not in the main ledger? 
If the US stock market crashes, would the price of Bitcoin go up or down? Why?
Means it places harsh downward pressure on btc price
Some nice buy walls now boys. 🚀
https://www.coindesk.com/battle-testing-lightning-26-schools-start-contest-secure-bitcoins-layer-2/

This looks like good news for Lightning?
any idea how i can buy steam games with bitcoin assuming valve doesnt resume direct payments? 
Need some help on Ledger Nano S

Okay guys. I just got my new Ledger Nano S and I have some questions that I hope you can answer.
I believe my exchange is non-segwit (Brazilian Foxbit) and I set-up my Ledger as segwit. Is just a normal transfer?
Will my wallet be available in whichever computer I plug in, provided the software is installed? Or do I need a setup for every computer?

Extra questions.
How do I recognize a segwit address? Is transferring funds okay between segwit and non segwit?

Thanks in advance <3
Where can you go to see live updates of current transaction speed and cost??
Today I sent some Bitcoin Cash from Binance to a Bitcoin address on coinegg, is there any chance that this might be redeemable?
Predictions for the coming few weeks? 
Hello r/Bitcoin! Some of you may remember that three months ago I made a survey looking at the demographics and opinions of crypto redditors and comparing the results across different subreddits. Now, three months later r/Bitcoin has over 350,000 new members and the cryptocurrency market cap is triple what it was when I made the survey! I have decided that I will make a new survey with many of the same questions to see how the community has changed! (Obviously I have had to remove the "do you think bitconnect is a ponzi scheme?" question) 

**If you would like to fill in the survey, you can do that [here.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeeiPznhM5A6eD4Erum_l3yXa4rnkfZpElQXtHkc2S4U1J5PA/viewform?usp=sf_link)**

Unfortunately I was unable to post the results post for the original survey here because the post was continually getting removed automatically and I decided to leave it since I felt like I had shared it on enough of the other subreddits for most people to see it. For those of you who haven't seen the results to my previous survey, you can see that [here.] (https://redd.it/7gid7w)

Thanks for your time!


**Edit:** Live results of the new survey here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1clxCHXoF7z4LpNPlh7V2nu-Z3F1n-ZnwFYOVhiAIYyQ/edit?usp=sharing
cointelegraph.com/news/lightning-networks-pizza-day-first-ever-physical-purchase-on-lightning-network

Any comment Roger? Roger? Rooooger? Fry?
Would be great to get any feedback on a couple of queries I have regarding the developers of BTC.

1) Since it's decentralised, what is the incentive for these developers to build on the network? Is it simply that they themselves own and believe in BTC? Or are they rewarded in some other way?

2) I understand it's completely open source, so anyone can build on the network. Once something is built, does it have to be 'approved' by the majority (95%) of the mining network to actually be implemented? If not, how does this whole process work?

3) if they aren't being rewarded through methods other than simply owning some BTC themselves, wouldn't there be massive incentive for the sharpest developers to shift towards centralised alternatives where owners have very deep pockets? Hopefully the answer to 1) answers this already, but didn't want to clog up the thread by posting twice.

Thanks in advance!
Dip occurs because of these ICO's . Recently 400 billion $ is wiped by the government.
News media blame only bitcoins, reputation is affected by this
forget whales and blah blah.. companies lose money and public also and these all factors bring Dip.
The price has stopped pumping so hard, and now the mempool is clearing up, and /r/bitcoin is actually back to having interesting discussions and the trolls are gone. Finally.....
I made a [Chrome extension](https://github.com/Vindexus/btc-to-bits-chrome) that converts BTC values to bits values.

`1 BTC` becomes `1,000,000 bits (1 BTC)`
Don't be a Fuddy duddy! $ Buy Bitcoin $
Whales are back at it dumping LONG positions. That is all.
PRINT MORE TETHER!!!
bitcoin always does this. it will come back eventually 
Just remember, if the price goes down from here we get to buy bitcoin at last year’s prices one more time 🦄 
Say hello to more sideways trading which will mask the slow but inevitable and permanent  decline of bitcoin. Bring on the downvotes 
From a technical point of view, what determines the size of a block? I mean I know it's the number of tx, but how is decided how many tx are put in a block? I'm just referring to these recent 2mb blocks, why are they achieved only now and what made them possible to be that big? Thanks for the answers!
Do you think a prolonged US government shut down would be good for Bitcoin?  Seems like it would lower faith in the USD.
Is it possible to do 2 kyc's with one ID?
Looking to buy some btc. Obviously I want to get the most btc I can with this $ so any suggestions on when to buy in. Thoughts on whether this downtrend will continue and dip again or is starting to become more bullish after the dip to 9k? I know it's all speculation but was hoping to get some opinions
Stupid questions. 

To receive founds in a lighting wallet need to have founds?.

Who open the channels?, Who wanna support the network?.
Hi,
hopefully someone can help me.
I had a wallet at btc.com and can't access it because I've lost some account information.

But I have my backup pdf and my wallet password. So I recovered 2 xprv and 1 xpub key, but when I want to use them with electrum, it shows me wrong addresses.

Do anyone know a wallet which can handle this keys and derive the correct addresses, so I can restore my coins?
As far as I know I need a bip32 MultiSig HD Wallet (addresses begins with 3). Is this correct?

Just a quick question for someone based in the UK...

What's an alternative to Coinbase  that someone from the UK can use to sell Bitcoin and get the money sent to my bank account?

Any help would be appreciated.
Any good iPhone apps that allow BTC/ETH etc.. prices in Widget?
Can someone please clear this up for me...the few articles I have found out there havebeen confusing and full of disagreeing comments. If I am using coinmarketcap graphs to prepare for an investment, should I be using the btc or usd graph line (or both) in order to use btc to buy altcoins? Thanks
Is there rollover or not? Anybody have link? Plz~ 
When is South Korea supposed to start trading again?
I believe in hodling but not sure what tot do with my bitcoin bag. Hodl? https://label053.com/collections/men/products/short-sleeve-t-shirt-5
Damn i'm gonna laugh hard if suddenly BTC will rise hard, and all those ppl waiting for 8k are gonna fomo at like 14k+.
LOLZ...
some really think that btc goes to 8 k. this is not going to happen. take your loss and step in btc ( this only for those think 8k coming!)
we are on way to point 11800. afther that we wil go to 12k +


I'm not just saying this from noting, i do research every 30 min . this is not my first anayalise.

believe me we are going to 12 k +

There wil not come a 8k!
[deleted]
What wallet is the best one to use to be able to trade Bitcoin for real life money? 
Any thoughts on when the next bch pump is coming? The timing of those things is usually predictable, right?
Hey everybody I just had a question. I thought that Bitcoin having "bad scalability" means that the transaction fees aren't able to change appropriately with the amount of bitcoin being sent. However, I've noticed that that's not true. Perhaps I'm not that well informed, but for example when I was sending around 1 BTC, the fee was about $800, and when I was sending 0.05 BTC the fee went down to around $500. Isn't it supposed to be the same if it's not scalable? Thanks.
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4131159-regulators-must-investigate-bitcoin-tether
The numbers are getting too big, BTC is flowing into mainstream so my bet is that a high publicity investigation is round the corner.  This is actually good for BTC (before any of you yell FUD).
still no decision rendered about Korea bitcoin ban. if the news is good it may go back to 14000
Hello, noob question, but is it unusual for a transaction to take a few days? I sent some BTC to an exchange about 48 hours ago and I am still waiting for it to be confirmed. Should I be concerned?
[deleted]
When did the Ethereum platform start launching ICO's?

Can someone give me a date?
What is happening? Big drop suddenly. 
[removed]
Quick question, will Shor's algorithm kill Bitcoin?
Bitcoin Meme sharing: https://imgur.com/a/bKt3e
Why do BTC sites make it hard to webscrap using libraries like urllib?
Who cares what bottom Bitcoin hits? It will be back in less than a month. Fiat currencies are the water. Cryptocurrencies are the floating objects. Push one down as deep as you want. It will, with certainty, rush back to the top.
John McAfee tries his best to explain,cool :)
Dont forget... we are in the last days of the  clearance sale... the fast grow prices is coming and you will remember "oh my good, why I dont buy in january, I lost the oportunity".

Do you guys feel that with this uncontrolled growth you could cripple global economy for years? I mean lets face it ... the sole purpose of banks is to prevent this from happening. And here a few nerds control millions or some even billions. This looks like a disaster waiting to happen.
