Daily Discussion, January 20, 2018
Anyone else bought at 20-18K but still HODLing?
Man the mempool and fees are starting to go down, thats a nice sight to see
I think Bitcoin will settle down for a while around 12k-14k which is good for the market to take a breath. Then when Lightning starts to kick off and Segwit is adopted by major exchanges we may see a huge rally
I have a noob question. People are arguing that bitcoin is slow and fees expensive because of so and so but can it be upgraded? It seems that an update on its flaws would blow out every single coin out there merely because of its market value. Is it possible? 
Just another day in the crypto world - enjoy the journey bruders.
A big green candle to start the day. What are everyone's thoughts about it still going down to 8-8.5k before making it's big move past 20k?
I’m in the green again after making my first crypto transaction !
[deleted]
It’s all my fault. Every time I buy I trigger a 6.9% fall....
Block #505210. Why only 1 transaction? Why miner did not collect fees? 
Bitcoin is 'first sign of greed since Great Recession,' says Federated's Chiavarone - Is it?

https://www.cnbc.com/2018/01/20/bitcoin-is-first-sign-of-greed-since-great-recession-says-federateds-chiavarone.html
Okay I believe the rumours now; January is a bad month for bitcoin...


This entire discussion is always neurotic as hell. I thought it was a given that the price goes up and the price goes down. Yet the mood in this forum swings dramatically with each price movement. The price goes up a bit “Woo!! Lol at all the people who sold! We’re going to hit 20k soon.” The price goes down a bit “Why is the price going down? Guys it’s over. It was good while it lasted. I’m getting out.”
What a great start to the day seeing some huge green candles. Especially with all the people saying it will dip back to 8 or 7k
You notice the price of BTC spiked up $1000 as soon as midnight struck and the government shut down?  The value of BTC is a numerical representation of our concern with governments and their ability to regulate fiat currency.  It’s the fucking doomsday clock.
So what's the reason for the run up in price today? I saw a huge spike from 11.7K to 12.6K.  Is there any new news out about Bitcoin that causes that spike?  Or is this spike not really news related but just people coming back to Bitcoin again after the recent sell off ?
I still have a pending transaction to purchase bitcoin from the 17th. Any reason why it hasn't been approved yet?
Can someone please explain to me http://bitcointicker.co/bitfinex/btc/usd/
The negative needles on the bottom screen when aggressive buying and selling is happening? I will add a screenshot somehow if I haven't explained well enough. They seem to be sells going in under the asking price. But if that's the case, why arent they being sold?
I have been mining for a while and thinking about buying a bit of bitcoin with money that are not so important. 
Is coinbase okay to buy from (Europa), been hearing about SegWit coming and maybe making fees less? 
What is a reliable exchange for alt coins? 
Sorry for the newbie questions. 
[SURVIVING ONLY USING BITCOIN FOR 24 HOURS (Does it work?)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3QtsGhBA6U)
Why are all the alts falling today? Is there a major reason? They were all still going up, when Bitcoin was around 11-14,000.
It was probably the US government spamming bitcoin. After the shutdown the mempool is clearing fast.
So I saw that Coinbase/gdax doesn’t have a tether market, but considering all that’s going down with tether, does anyone think they will fall or be effectively negatively?
Why the heck is bcash pumping so much...how do people not get that lightening will destroy bcash?? Its shocking to me.
Does anyone know a website that tracks bitcoin futures contracts: start and end dates? Or a data feed that i can pull into a spreadsheet? 
Mempool cleared up considerably since like 10 days ago. I know it's the weekend but it didn't went this low since new years day. Did coinbase finally stop spamming the network or is the tx volume just lower?
I've only recently started to familiarize myself with Bitcoin and was surprised by the high transfer fees. Are they a temporary phenomenon (and if yes, why?) or do they hint at a more basic problem of Bitcoin? Are solutions like the lightning network likely to change this situation?
1k a day, sounds good right?
Yesterday from 11k to 12k, today from 12k to 13k... to be continued.
Beam me up Scotty, There are no intelligent life forms down here.
Bought at $700 hodling firm!
... Does anyone think that Tether printing will affect BTC prices and exchanges? 
http://www.digitaljournal.com/tech-and-science/technology/op-ed-many-questions-arising-about-cryptocoin-tether-and-bitfinex/article/512588
Understand what is going on and adjust your trading strategy accordingly.  If you want to close your eyes and dismiss this as FUD, you will be disadvantaged.
Today should be fun for comment 🙊
good time to get in?
Bad news here, usually when BTC rallys alts fall, but BTC is rallying and so are alts. This is bad news for Bitcoins dominance, i wouldnt be suprised to see bitcoin at #2 by the end of this year
coinexchange.io - down!!!!!!!!!!! Who knows what happened? Exchange is unavailable for 24 hours (https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/coinexchange/)
How do you guys see the "trade walls" everyone talks about
[deleted]
Quick question (coins currently on Binance): when going to Fiat (usd) what's cheapest method?  Send to gdax and withdraw there?  Transfer to usdt then send to tether.to and withdraw there? Or??
Another bank say "BOO!"

https://cointelegraph.com/news/indian-banks-suspending-bitcoin-exchange-accounts
C'mon, it's been above €10.000 for a day, aaaand it dropped again
I‘m confused. Why are we having 2MB blocks? I thought segwit allows more txs in one block.
What is a mempool, a block size, and a segwit
Yeah. Everytime they print, short after, BTC make a run with reckless buying on Bitfinex. Thats not the pattern of "smart money" buying BTC. Also, look at their history, shady owners, shady company. Havent provided the audit they have promised for like a year, silence on that one. But yeah, bigger chance they are legit af. 
Sounds odd, but the last 12-18 hours looks like a sped up graph of the dollar/pound after the Brexit vote which looks like [this](http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=USD&to=GBP&view=2Y).
do you think the adoption rate for lightning network will increase a lot faster than the adoption rate for segwit has? (yes, i know segwit is a prerequisite for lightning network.)

lightning network is a “sexy” new feature in a way that segwit is not. so on a broader level, as time goes on, do you think we will be better at quickly adopting “sexy” features than we are at adopting more subtle, nuanced changes?
Jumped back into BTC for some football gambling. Sold 10 coins back in the day for around 700... 

Any how I used circle to buy some coin because I already have an existing account. Still haven't gotten my coin, bought last Sunday.... Is this the new norm? If so thats retarded 
i transferred money from my bank to coinbase USD wallet and it's been pending for 4 days. Is it true Coinbase won't transfer anything during the weekend? If so, that's another 2 days of waiting fml
Still looking for the buy in chance at 8k some guys with technical analysis were writing about..........
Prices just seem to be kept at current levels anyone care to guess why?
Might be slight pullback after 13 breached 
AHHHH NO MOONNNNN
http://lambodreams.com/2018/01/20/scientist-confirms-more-tethers-now-in-existence-than-subatomic-particles/
[deleted]
[deleted]
I want to transfer my bitcoin from Coinbase to Poloniex but can't get verified on GDAX because they can't find me in public records. What should I do, do I just have to eat the fees? I can't think of any other options at this point.
Is a $12.50 fee for sending BTC through coinbase normal? Or is it because I am using my linked credit card and not a bank account, but i thought the increased fee for CC use is only when buying BTC.
FFS CORN, hold the f up!
Does anyone know anything about the korean regulations? When are they meant to go live?
This seems a bit too harsh for profit taking. Is China clamping down again already? It's only been 2 days.
This is a good discussion on the Tether issue - https://www.reddit.com/r/Tether/comments/7rsat2/taking_a_contrarian_view_of_tether_some_thoughts/

If the Tether scam gets pulled, BTC will sink.  Invest with eyes open and don't just dismiss every bad news as FUD.
So... minor dip or big one? Can't decide if u should sell my alts in time this time or hodl.
It couldn't break 13000!!!!! Manipulation!!!!!!!!
just panic sold 0.5 BTC
this is influencing my life
Let's face it - BTC is hanging by a thread.  The only noise here is (a) HODL or (b) buy the dip.  I don't hear anyone saying "20k or 18k is a bargain".  So ... no one here to bring up the price and just hoping that someone else will do that.  There is absolutely no reason for another ATH.  On the other hand, every time there is a bad news, BTC crumbles.  And there are plenty of potential bad news coming up such as G20 agreement on coordinated clampdown or the Tether scam being investigated.  
[removed]
