Daily Discussion, January 16, 2018
First day back for my spring term. Bitcoin is just being thoughtful and getting my stress levels to mid semester form already
Snagged some more at $11,800.  Will probably buy bigger and bigger chunks if it keeps dropping.  Steering into the storm has worked for me so far.  My alts are getting fucking slaughtered though.  WWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Instead of a Lambo, I guess I'll have to settle for a gray Ford Jabroni
All I can say is, it's a good thing I have diversified myself with other coins...wait, shit
It's been 48 hrs six minutes and 12 seconds since "the dip" started. I am cold and alone in this empty shack waiting for survivors. We don't know when this will end or if it ever will but " the panic" infection has plagued us all. 
It’s too late/early for this. I’m turning the screens off and going to bed. Someone wake me up if I’m poor. 
Achieve crypto zen by pretending you don't own any. You will recognize zen when the price is merely an interesting fact. 

And again - if you aren't prepared to see 80% of value disappear overnight, and stay that low for years or forever, you bought more than you can afford to lose. A dip may not be a sale. Don't let the prospect of a discount open your wallet more than you should.
Guys im sorry its all my fault. I bought BTC at 19.5k, and ETH yesterday at like 1300. Obviously it crashes literally immediately after I buy each time.
Tired of reading stupid posts about when people get paid or the time of year, thought I’d post some likely actual reasons for the sudden crash:

* Repeated rumours of a potential ban in crypto trading by the Korean government

* Statement by the French government around controlling / banning crypto trade

* Another hack of a different currency reported this morning

All the above will create a lack of confidence for new investors - it will get worse if other governments follow suit as well - and if the hacks keep coming lay-people will not understand the difference between one currency and the next, and it will deter the general public.

When confidence drops in a market it will always fall. You have to decide for yourself if it’s temporary, or whether to HODL!
  
Did you want lower fees?  The cost of Bitcoin transaction fees (in USD) went down by 20% today!
Am I the only one that thinks a massive pump is coming?  
is this KFC's fault?

I sold and it immediately started climbing. You're all welcome. 
Everybody relax. Let's go to the Winchester. Have a nice cold pint and wait for this all to blow over. ;)
Wow, I mean I’m not really losing money because I’ve mostly been sitting on the same amount since the $9k mark. But this is getting interesting. I’m not gonna touch my coins though because fuck it, let’s see where it goes from here. 

I feel pretty bad for people who bought in at $19k last month. 
This is one of those things when I will get to say I remember back on January 16th, 2018 when I held.
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ BTC TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ BTC TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ BTC TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ BTC TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 


I'm gonna buy some Paddy's Dollars. Then we can have that self sustaining economy we've been talking about.
This is the greatest show on earth. 
Fun fact: Bitcoin is still trading for over 15k in Korea.  	
Anyone want to have a group video chat so we can cry together? Msg me
Why didn't the Seahawks just run the ball?
Need I overstate the obvious? I was early. Not 2009 early. But summer 2015 early. Earlyish. Only three years ago. Bought at 605 and 705. Currently sits 11,300. Merely a month ago WE WERE ALL DYING OF JOY THAT 'Will it hit 10k?' fever was coming on.
Crash? My asscrack. True noobs should not even be ruffled. This kind of BTC behavior ALWAYS results in 'To the moon, Alice.' Relax and buy this delicious dip. You will thank yourself later. (And be joyous if you did not fall in with Bitconnect.)

Sincerely,
Lieutenant Obvious, Corn Battalion
for the love of God, Asians & Americans go buy more.
I wait for corrections, I plan for dips...

... Then when they finally come why is it so hard to get myself to buy more?  I've waited for this dip since we hit 10K.  A few years of cycles and dips and it never gets any easier.

Somebody hold me...
My only regret is that I dont have any extra fiat to turn into bitcoin today.
90% price threads... Why don't move them to bitcoinmarkets? More technical discussions would be nice. More tutorials on how to improve the network and more threads to support Bitcoin (SegWit, Lightning, etc.).
God damn do I love this shit. 
I completely support HODLing your coins at this point (but who am I? ;))
Only thing I suggest is trying to take your coins off your exchanges and into your offline wallets. I am away from my nano S now but can't wait to travel back home and secure my coins from exchanges :)

Stay Positive. Hodl.
Why is Kraken down at this time?  How convenient..
Price is staying fairly steady thanks to all you guys who are buying the dip. Is this the floor?
Why do all the coins drop at the same time? 
Like why Etherium is falling? 
And if people from the future contracts are manipulating the market shouldn't alt coins rise when BTC falls? I am new to crypto, can someone please clear this doubt.
hope it goes to 0 then i will by all coins for 0. where did i miss logic here?
This definitely isn't over lol
[deleted]
I've been holding since 4000, but gave up today. :(

Sold at 12k.

I feel dirty.

But would buy again at 6k.
Serious advice: If you're experiencing derealization, go talk to someone not in Bitcoin.  It's a documented thing that people feel like they are coming out of a long dream or are extremely hungover.  Don't do anything rash.
This crash just means that you can get a bucket of chicken for dirt cheap right now.
Bought in at £10,000.

Should I kill myself?
be fearful when others are greedy. People are still greedy. Let this go DEEP before you buy and hodl.
Every bitcoin sold is a bitcoin bought.
[deleted]
wish i could fucking buy this dip but fucking coinbase has been processing my wire transfer for 2 god damned weeks.
If we go back to the pre-Christmas crash when all cryptos tanked together like this, they all bounced back together too. It might stop at $10k/BTC, it might go lower, but I'm almost positive it will bounce back. People have been saying the bottom will drop out since forever. I've panic sold enough to know this too shall pass.
[deleted]
Brothers & Sisters we have been battle hardened and trained for this stand strong. 
Better than any movie thats come out in the last 2 years. This is INSANE
This is fucking ridiculous my btc is now only up just over 1000% year on year. I’m going back to penny stocks. 
What a beautiful day, I'll just check on my portfolio and th-

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH

[AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH](http://i.4cdn.org/biz/1516145315938.png)
Pause, everyone pause, time out.  GDAX needs a minute to prepare a proper fucking.   They'll let us know when they're ready to resume. 
price goes down= gdax works with no problems.Price goes up= gdax down

seems about right
I think there is an inverse relationship between the bitcoin markets and the bitcoin memes.  The more memes the higher the price. Since this crackdown on memes well we can all see where this heading.  At least we have strong meme support at 9k waiting!
Guys silver lining is shitcoin cash is down 30% hopefully it doesn’t recover
What’s going on lmao
Until Bitcoin has mass adoption, there will be no stability in the price. There's very little holding the price up.
How are you guys holding up?
ITT people rationalizing their weak hands during a big dip
Will we see under 10 k?
[deleted]
Its a trap.
Lightning network rolling out on mainnet (lightning charge). I know, it's more of a test/beta version, only for the few self-chosen nerds, so far. But even so. Huge news. Bullish af on btc again (still) now. And we get a dip too? Too good. But alts... yeesh. Bearish af on those.
Theory

Satoshi Nakamoto IS Bitcoin, he uploaded himself to the blockchain and the price rises and dips are caused solely by him. Satoshi doesn't like weak hearted b*tches, and doesn't want them to prosper in life, so he routinely plummets the price to scare them off....

Discuss.
Hold me bro's
I tell myself that the 1000 people owning the most bitcoins are not selling. Let's be brave and hodl. 
10.6k
*And I'm freeeeeeeeeee*
*Free fallin*
what the FUCK is going on?!
This is exactly why i left the stock market. This strategy used by manipulators to pump and dump along with massive insider trading defied rational thinking. Now these a holes have infiltrated the crypto world. They cannot create invent or develope anything and think they are so smart when they stack the deck to win. I woul rather lose money then sell so some jerk can buy my coins cheap. I will not sell.
Just remember...9K Grandpa is still profitting...these big plunges are good, stay in the fight
Medic! 
We're saved.

No wait.

We're fucked

and/or saved. 
11? AND THE RISE BEGINS! BUY BUY BUY!

(I am partially kidding please be financially responsible...)
[deleted]
Any news from the Winklevoss twins? They should be also affected imagine becoming a billionaire then lost half of its worth in a few weeks.
Happens every time...when it goes back up people that panic sold are gonna be crying lol
Aaaaaaand GDAX died
On a positive note the tx fees have dropped a fuckton 
Why is Coinbase always $50-$75 more than the GDAX price :( 
It’s picking back up! Let’s see how it’ll do! 
So I hear about a drop and watch until this moment where I want to test buying a small amount just to dip my toe in the water and coinbase and gdax have suspended trading....

Can someone tell me what's up with that and how to actually get cheap crypto during a dip?
is this it?!
r/bitconnect just went private.  
As someone who is committed to the HODL my main thought today is that maybe just maybe GPUs might start coming back in stock instead of being on a 5 week waiting list...
How do you know that bitcoin "investing" has been dominated by nothing more than naive adolescents? They say things like HODL.
Looking at these comments it's funny how it's just history repeating. Go back and read the threads from the pre-Christmas crash. It's the same shit. Nothing has popped. Don't panic sell. Get off reddit and chill out for a few days. Thank me later.
[deleted]
A good day for the nocoiners
Bitcoin now makes me feel a bit worried.
Quotes are in decline for many coins now. This situation makes me a little nervous, what should I do now?
30 Days ago bitcoin futures become available.
It was also about 30 Days ago that bitcoin hits ATH.
Would it be possible that the sharp money (whales/institutions etc.) bought up a whole bunch of bitcoin leading up to the opening up of the futures contracts. Then they shorted the futures hard, knowing that they could all dump their BTC and send the price way down and profit 10x from the futures. They do own about 40% of the market right?
Still got a whole day ahead of us. Hope it's all up from here but who knows where this rally will end.
Bought 1 BTC at 12950 && I’ll buy again.. anything lower than 11k && I’ll definitely buy at the $8k range if we even get there ... we won’t tho
"healthy correction" I don't know, but is a 50% "correction" healthy? Don't get me wrong, I'm not panic selling, but how is a drop of this size a correction
Stop it, he's already dead!
It is such an overeaction seriously, Chinese traders only count for 5% of the users on Binance.
was good to know you guys
Better get as much bitcoin as possible before May.
It doesn't matter how low it goes. If there's variability in the price there's money to be made.
seems like nobody actually cares about what bitcoin stands for.
WHEN MOON?
I didn't invest more than I could stand to lose, but I did lose more profit than I can stand to lose. 😨

Approaching ~700 buy wall on GDAX at $10,200. **Hold on to your butts ladies and gents.**
GG boys, see you in the afterlife
This is my worst fucking nightmare
under 10,000 now :s
Edit: Not anymore :D
I loosing tons of money but I still love this shit.ahhhhhhhhh
holy shit the last few minutes. better than any tv that's for sure.
someone mentioned that they got bitcoin sent by accident....this just happened to me, too...???  anyone else? 
Its ALIVE! 
Revenge of the ~~Sith~~ Bit!
Now seems like a good time for you all to invest in my knowledge course.  $24.99 and I send the knowledge to you.  All of it. 
[deleted]
Some lucky bastards got coin for €7934
Whales are playing around. 
CBOE futures expire tomorrow.

http://cfe.cboe.com/cfe-products/xbt-cboe-bitcoin-futures

https://www.ethnews.com/market-manipulation-101-bitcoin-futures


Sold some of my Ether today but I'm riding BTC for the long haul. The ups and downs are what makes life fun, right? RIGHT?!?!
Transactions frozen on coinbase?
so will coinbase refund me for the money i just lost while my sold order is stuck in pending
Coinbase Buys/Sells being investigated. Fk'em.  Im sick of their bullshit.
On the upside of this bloody day, at least Bitconnect is finally going down. I guess we have to find a new scam coin to rip on
Bitconnect the cause of this crash? I think so
Damn still going down, just bought more tho
Man just a little volume can swing it a good amount right now, damn
I lost 3 lambos in value and all I’m doing is laughing at the bitconnect losers. Take a cue and lighten up. Tonight we dine in hell and it’s fucking hilarious lol
Hold like gold 

Let this filter out some of the ignorant investors and those oblivious of bitcoins purpose and technology. Then reward those who are truly with it.
Eventually those involved who panick sell, trend buy etc, and those who fail to grasp digital currency to begin with- they shall catch on eventually and inevitably 

I ain’t tripping just regret sleeping through the 10k- got mine the night before 
Even if Bitcoin goes to 5k and scares off new investors with a bear market, we will have plenty of time to buy coin. Then (hopefully) by the time it's over Lightning Network should be fully implemented, and there will no longer be the arguement that BTC is a useless currency. I take this as a good thing no matter which direction the price goes.
i am worried. what if it goes below 0? i don't want to owe money. this worriez me. me going nuts!
People who are panic selling are doing exactly what "they" want you to do.  Why would "they" want to pay full price for your BTC when they can convince you the sky is falling and scoop it up for pennies on the dollar after massive panic sells. This is beyond the HODL.  I just doubled down on MOAR BTC!!!  HODL TO THE MOON BITCHES !!!
I just panic bought 0.5 BTC
This correction is good, as it seems shitcoins get affected the most. 
I just bought more
Buy the dip! Hurrah!
What happen to Wall Street peeps getting a bonus this week? Lol
In non-price based news... Blockstream has opened it's store for bug-testing payments on the Lightning Network.... pretty big deal (although controversial as it's not mainnet ready).

https://twitter.com/TraceMayer/status/953430172019101696


okay I bought some in September and some in November with the plan to hold for at least one complete year, but its January and watching the market is not helping my S.A.D. 

So I am going to stop checking prices for awhile. Could you guys start posting various rocket, moon, upwards joy memes when/if things start to pick up again?
The crash will end when BitConnect runs out of BTC to dump. 
"Insert FUD here"

-Redditor Account for 1-3  months
In 2 weeks you will be wishing you bought more
First time depositting money into any sort of currency and the dip happens. Now i just gotta wait for the money to go through and hope that i can invest in something before the dip ends
[deleted]
I just want to buy a new gpu for gaming. Plz send help
These people selling at a loss need to understand time in beats timing.  Calm down. It will retrace.

Listen to shallow hals tony robbins on the 2008 market crash. It was so bad because people cashed out at a loss instead of chilling and waiting for a retrace.  

Trying to time a crash or timing a surge will only ever hurt you.

Markets seldom ever crash to zero. Wait for a recovery and then get out if the volatility is too much for you. 
hey at least GDAX hasn't died under the volume for once.
Can anyone confirm the rumour that BTC futures expire tomorrow? Basically this means that the institutions have to settle their BTC contracts and so could be crashing the price purposefully now, so they can settle for less
https://imgur.com/a/VbBuC Base line is the line of support on weekly chart for BTCUSD. It's repetitive and it is strong
4-digit bitcoins are possible
Gdax touched 11,000 briefly.
Approaching $11,000 wall on GDAX as of 4:17p EST.
Candles are too low for the minute graph to display 
>11k
Down 25% in 24 hrs :/
Bizarre day.

Riding that rollercoaster.
I don’t understand people’s mentality, you bought in at $17.5k or whatever and now it’s low you sell for fear (that it’ll go down even more).

The only way you’re guaranteed to make a loss is if you sell at a loss. 

This is crypto, it’s highly volatile, it’s been down and bounced back before. I’m willing to bet it’ll bounce back again. It might take a long time but I don’t see the sense in losing 40% of your investment now


Scary AF
Exchanges crashing now, buckle up
Medic!
Bought more at 12k. Should’ve waited lol
Oh fuck massive buy wall on gdax $
4 digits on gdax
Now, it's a party.
another green dildo!
This is crazy, gaining and dropping thousands in just minutes
its climbing again, ooooh baby.
Man that volume on GDAX is insane.
Why does volume matter and what is it an indicator of? Couldn’t high volume also be extremely positive? 
koreans waking up...will they buy or sell..
I'd be surprised if it falls to $10k or less. That's a huge number psychologically, I know myself and probably many others would LOVE to buy at or below $10k
RIP GDAX
Gdax is a toy.
lol fucking gdax man.  fucking gdax.
$89 spread on gdax just now
hoping for another rebound buy
Someone's just having fun with this shit now. Good god. Flat out toying with the prices. 
Great googley moogley!  Look at the volume!!!
As a first time user, Can I directly buy at GDAX instead of coinbase ?
One hour and BTC didn't go to shits yay
So, is this the second rocket to the 20k?
My gut tells me we'll stay around 11k for a little while, but nobody really knows.
I wish I'd bought cryptocurrency when it was still cheap. Could use it now 
you know what the best part is? Bcash is down the most : ) ayyyyy
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/01/16/bitcoin-headed-to-100000-in-2018-analyst-who-forecast-2017-price-move.html
My Frei d told me I would become a bitcoin millionaire but now I am not. He said buy at 16k and now I sell at 10k but I am not millionaire. He said buy high sell low. I am very angry with him now.
Seriously going down WITH this ship. Shake off the fucking loose hands. There is a bigger purpose!!!
For the people who keep saying "this is it" or whatever -- I point you to two things.  One, look at the charts.  There has not been a day where Bitcoin has dropped by this much and not retraced over the course of the following day.  Or check out the history of the 1929 stock market crash.  The market retraced after Black Friday, Black Monday, and Black Tuesday (check Wikipedia).  If the price of Bitcoin is going to fall, it's going to fall slowly over a period, not to zero in a day.  Check the price tomorrow or later today and see what I mean -- it'll retrace.  It could even potentially go on a bull run.  The fear mongering is so overblown.  But if you want out, and don't think it'll ever come back, at least wait for the retrace to sell. Jeez.
please, let this dip last until I get my tax return! 
fuck it im going back to gold
Welcome to the FUCKING SHOW!
Hi, I'm brand new to this. I've been watching bitcoin since last year when it was around $4,000 and I've decided to take the jump now that this dip finally happened. How do I go about getting started on the best foot possible? 
bitconnect and roger ver were most likely responsible for this mayham
BTC/BCH pair opens on gdax tomorrow 
[deleted]
Whats going on? why do Bitcoin litecoin ethereum and bitcoin cash have similar trends for the past few hours? 
Wouldn't the ban on bitcoin in the countries that min it,  actually help bitcoin cuz there would be less bitcoin. 
Interesting article here: 

https://techcrunch.com/2018/01/15/researchers-finds-that-one-person-likely-drove-bitcoin-from-150-to-1000/

***Researchers find that one person likely drove Bitcoin from $150 to $1,000***


To its proponents, the cryptocurrency Bitcoin offers the potential to disrupt payment systems and traditional currencies. It has also been subject to security breaches and wild price fluctuations. This paper identifies and analyzes the impact of suspicious trading activity on the Mt. Gox Bitcoin currency exchange, in which approximately 600,000 bitcoins (BTC) valued at $188 million were fraudulently acquired. During both periods, the USD-BTC exchange rate rose by an average of four percent on days when suspicious trades took place, compared to a slight decline on days without suspicious activity. Based on rigorous analysis with extensive robustness checks, the paper demonstrates that the suspicious trading activity likely caused the unprecedented spike in the USD-BTC exchange rate in late 2013, when the rate jumped from around $150 to more than $1,000 in two months.

Who the hell is selling right now?
Hodl.  Big money is tryin to get into crypto.
The thing is, the price is getting so low that any bounce that does occur will cause the price to sky rocket
Crazy shit going on at the moment.  I am ready to buy more and hodl it as usual.
I bought more. Someone Hodl me.
Looks like Ray Charles is driving this bus.  
almost midnight here.

its gonna be a scary night.
Experts who have invested lot of time before : what do you guys recommend ? I have 2k USD  limits on coinbase ? thinking of doing 1k bitcoin and 1k ethereum 
Hello, I hope you guys are good and not afraid and frozen, don't be shaken by this someone is playing games to take your hardly earn bitcoins, screw South Korea don't panic and don't sell your coins please in a frenzy you make the price plummeting hardy down and we are going to be in a much worse situation. please keep your hardly earn coins so the price can recover and will rebound for a day or two... best regards and stay strong don't sell, don't sell, don't sell...
so many 1 week accounts in here right now; boo-hoo you bought above 15K, invested everything you had, and now you've come here for a whinge and you're going to kill yourself - no one held a gun against your head and told you to do that you greedy dipshits.
Ok guys I just sold, its gonna rebound now
I have to leave this here: https://tenor.com/view/calm-the-office-michael-scott-steve-carell-gif-4634536
Who knew watching livecoinwatch was so fking scary
Buy buy buy
There's still about $2k worth of support before the real panic starts. I'm not worried until then.
The tides going out, who's swimming naked?
Everyone is focused on the technology when it was always the economics and the politics that would make or break cryptocurrencies...
Damn I made a joke limit order last night at 12000. Did not expect it to actually fill.
[A song for today's markets](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hlN2nel5HI)
bitcoin is below 12k now xd 
There's a limit to the bitcoins a group can sell... as they are beeing eaten up by buyers, their sale power is getting diminished. That was one of the points of a limited supply after all
I'm stepping out of crypto for a minute to just watch, this shit is falling like a piano right now. I'll jump back in on the lift up (with a loss, but something).
man these giant sell walls that keep popping up are insane. question is if they're real or not
Why the bitcoin down like that theses days? 
For what it's worth, I just had a BTC transfer go from Gemini to Kraken in 25 minutes
On IG (A UK Stockbroker) records the the mid price on 18th Dec was 10798.. we've not even broken that yet - no need to fear!
Co-worker of mine asked 'I heard about Bitcoin dropping today in the news, is it the one you have or this Cash thing? Which one is the real one anyway?' Thanks for confusing peope, Roger Ver!
If we could stop testing 11k that would be nice.
If it breaks 10700 I think we’re going to see 4 digit BTC. 
Has China banned and unbanned Bitcoin/cryptocurrencies before? How long was it banned for? 
9800 to 14 k then to  6 or 8 k
The volume is real this time. 
VEGETA, WHAT DOES THE TA SAY ABOUT BITCOINS POWER LEVEL?

ITS OVER 9000!!!!

inb4 the drop to 8k.
Price action right now... https://charts.stocktwits.com/production/original_109125317.png

Live here: https://www.tradingview.com/chart/a5OPWAtD/
Bitconnect is shutting down
Bought at 13.000 last night(first time ever purchase)     ...and it start to fall again. I could have gotten more coin if I had waited until the weekend like my wife said to. :(
Will we look back and laugh at this at the end of 2019 or will John McAfee be eating his Johnson?


9k, old friend
Lol, Bitconnect is blaming "bad press" and unfair attacks. Oh man. Feels baaaad to be them I bet.
Fucking bears thriving during winter.
 Right now I'm waiting on some BTC to arrive at GDAX. There's a total of 87.64282515 BTC in the block. I wonder if a wave of sells will happen when a block gets confirmed and the funds become available to sell on a BTC -> Fiat exchange.
it seems the exchange was hacked
Now is that wall at 10,200 gonna hold on GDAX?

edit RIP
who cares. 
[deleted]
We went too high so fast. I blame that
Look at this 6th bounce of today. Lil cutie, thinks he's tough.


We'll show 'em.
Ack!...limit meant i bought my first BTC at 13200 before I could cancel. Phone alerts were ringing like bells on christmas morning with every drop milestone hit.
Even worse with ETH
In 16min back to 11k. Man my wiener is bulging
Just cashed out my seed money now everything is pure profit for me and it took this to do it
bought a lot 10 minutes ago... waiting for tomorrow morning :) 
ffs GDAX not this shit again

Transaction which was just filled has reversed and is now pending lord help me
Any live widget in iOS & Android to view Bitcoin price
I guess they turned off the bots. 
WTF DUDE, order pending and price is going up. My money is stuck!!
What the hell, GDAX?  I'm seeing $6 and $7 spreads?
ok guys, WHO BROKE GDAX.  just come out and say it
This is at least partially bitconnects fault.  That and the whales and their shorts.
As someone looking to buy in living in New Zealand I’d really like to get a better understanding of why the price fluctuates so much in countries that don’t have direct access to the big exchanges. 

 why isn’t this just balanced by the market? Could someone in the US not just buy from Coinbase and sell on a New Zealand/Korean exchange and guarantee profit?
Whatever happened to Balaji Srinivasan, 21.co, and his grand plan to mine on smartphones?
double bottom, now will see what happens
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ  China FUD coming through ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Korean FUD coming thru༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Hawaii FUD all aboard ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ US FUD coming thru ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 


Anxious to see what happens tomorrow. Any guesses? 
Sell walls look fake, the $11200 has already been moved.
I want a reliable source for the bitcoin news feed. Please suggest a good website.
So much buying into that obvious dip cycle. Can't really provide context unless you saw it
bitcoinz iz gonna make me rich guys :)
Sold means someone bought it, right?
Why afraid of crash when someone willing to buy it?
Haven't we been punished enough already?
Remember this dip or correction really impacts the charities and worthwhile causes that the pineapple fund have donated to and will donate to.  Let’s do what we can to show the world the power of bitcoin and reverse this devaluation! 
History has repeated dont fear it is almost time to go up all the way through may. I bet $25k mid way through february, $35k in March.
China and Korea heavy trading period starting soon.  Be prepared to see more heavy dumping and price declines.
BTC IS DEAD
[deleted]
The amount of noobs in this thread are ridiculous. Relax this is healthy. 
HODL!
That is it friends if you sold at loss ouch - if you bought the dip - nice 🚀
[deleted]
We all know that in the end Bitcoin will be a story of triumph, not tragedy. This is the end of Act II. Act III begins soon.
Please crash more. I want to buy.
Isn't today an example of why we should have decentralized exchanges and decentralized internet? Hope decentralization  take over the governments and give the power back to the people. The corrupt governments who print money need to gtfo
Woo boy what a thing to wake up to
It’s gone up about £700 in 2 hours - MOON!
This correction is very important ...because btc shows his power and strenghth...without btc alt coin no future..
you are the king btc always...
i am always stand with btc...
most important lesson...dont sell your btc when tough time is come...keep patience..
Bitcoin will never die ;-)
When in panic, ask yourself: 
1. Can I live without the money in a long term? If not, lower your risk and just sell. Otherwise 
2. Did anything critical happen to bitcoin itself? Any fundamental bug found? Design/white paper changed and disappointed you big time? If not: 
3. What does Korea or Chinese news mean to crypto market? Guys, crypto raises because we are fed up with centralized government censorship. This is exactly what we know will happen. 
4. With this tremendous market and booming technology, how could governments kill it easily? Is bitcoin going to 0? Again, what doesn’t kill it, makes it even stronger. 
Anyone here do all their research/investing into Bitcoin/Crypto on only their smartphone?
Some nice volatility you got there, shame if someone capitalized it. 
Lower price = bigger potential returns!!!!!!


I guess many people worked hard to make it a real bubble. Congrats to those who got rich. I got a taste of it during the peak but got greedy and lost it all. It was fun while it lasted oh well I gambled only what I can lose
This is just wild.
Newbs question : is it safe for me to just store crypto on coinbase? Im not from the states and my id is not verified yet
Great back to the fake walls game
so, any wild unfounded predictions on where btc ultimately bottoms out before starting to climb again?
This ain’t stopping soon , US is waking up to a SHIT SHOW
Don't you guys kind of think bitcoin is dumb?
I see dead people
I sold at $19.5k.

I plan on buying back in, should I do it right now or do you guys think it will go lower?
It’s gona bounce brothers 🚀
Its pure carnage .... 20-30% drop across all major coins.  This is not BTC price manipulation but wholesale dumping of cryptos.   
I'll take "Bull traps" for $500, Alex
Wait for news about the hacking of exchange!
**Bubble is popping. Abandon ship.**
Maybe we have to go back to 8k before going to the moon.
Looks like americans are enjoying the sale!!
Could be dead cat bounce but probably wall street bonuses coming in at perfect timing for NAM regions.
Hodling through...
What a spetacular time to buy
Too much cheap
$
When everyone is fearful, be greedy. When everyone is greedy, be fearful.
Its been more than a month now with fees around $10 or more. Why dont they go down? You would think people transacted less and fees would come down. But as soon as a block is mined there is enough $10+ transactions to fill the next one. Are people really that eager to make bitcoin transactions? It doesent make sense to me.
I only got in 3 months ago. The last month has wiped out most of my profits so far - if I cashed out now I'd only get a 30% return. 

That's a 30% return on 3 months, and a third of that investment was a month ago at it's peak. No panic here yet. It's just a shame that if I want to buy a marijuana, it's gonna cost me big right now.
Looking at the transactions in some of the recent blocks and its disgusting to see the waste that is going on.

For example this guy:

https://btc.com/1Pj8UjfXXDRD7vSBcQVBXvoFN9SC2bFQrA

He made 13 transactions and just paid a flat 0.002 BTC fee for each one ($23 each, $299 total)

He could have made just ONE transaction paying out to the 13 different adresses and saved 80% on fees.
Maybe everyone is pulling out to invest in Stocks since a lot are doing incredible. 
http://money.cnn.com/2018/01/16/investing/dow-26000-stocks-wall-street/index.html

For a complete noob, is now a good time to buy if i don't own any already?
it's no longer new highs, it's just new lows now :(
Who else is holding? Or is there any point?
What coin will emerge like a phoenix from the fire after all this?
Be safe everyone! Don’t do anything stupid
woooooo!
We won't finish the day in the green sadly, but I think it's likely tomorrow will be green as heck.
Just sold some btc and feel fucking dirty. that little bit will probably be worth 5k in a few months
Thing is if you’re in this from sub 1000$ you’re much more comfortable. 

Personal opinion: I think dropping down to 8-10k is reasonable look at the chart of BTC  from 2014-now,  that massive spike from Nov-Dec should settle down (8-10k) and then build up gradually to say 20k by next year. 
PRICE HAS NOW GONE UP $750 ORDER STILL PENDING. I AM LOSING MONEY
Is Asian market buying from dip Bitcoin now? It's already 12k :)
[deleted]
I just bought some choc chip flapjacks at discount.. price dropped because the shopkeeper found out coinbase aren't planning on selling flapjacks right now.
This is not the END! The lower it goes the more attractive it becomes as an investment!!!! Eventually the potential upside will be massive. Buyers will return in droves. (Slow, responsible, patient droves. Not the insane mobs that took the price too high too fast in December.)
The fact that the South Korean government is afraid of bitcoin is a great indication that they’re scared of how powerful bitcoin is. That shows you the value of bitcoin, definitely buying more
Has anyone noticed the price today? 
Anyone else have buy points for this dip? What can we expect during this correction. I sold at 12k a bit ago during the first set of crashes.


I'm weary of getting burned though. 3k? 5k? 9k?
This is a disaster... it's over..
This is exactly what HODL was coined for. 
It signifies that, despite dramatic crashes, you believe in the long-term utility and vision of bitcoin. I certainly do, it's world-changing tech, and I will hodl because I know that peaks and dips are irrelevant to its long term value.

If you are scared and want to sell, especially if at a loss, this crypto business might just not be for you.
[deleted]
Dont panic! 
Everything will back to grow in 1 or 2 days.
Just Hold
always the same movement.
There are a lot of money to join this market. 
Be patience, and win big profits $

If someone would have told you 2 years ago that BTC would be at $11,000 and falling like a rock, would you have HODL or gladly grabbed your profits beyond your wildest dreams? Exactly. Don't be a fool and ride this down to $1,000
You can think it's not nor has it ever been a bubble, but the last step before the bottom falls out in a bubble is when long-term holders all suddenly conclude that the party is over. 
HHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL STRRRROOOOOOONG MY BROOOOOOOOOSS !!!!!!!!

ALL WILL BE GOOD SOON, STAY POSITIVE MINDED ;)
[deleted]
Im scared
at 2500, there is firm bottom!
[deleted]
I notice that BTC is relatively strong compared to others. Hopefully people will realise how safe BTC is
[deleted]
up over 1200 in the last hour. people who sold are D U M B
While bitcoin is dipping, you should read about other markets (mainly stocks) and perhaps learn how to diversify. :)

I'm up 25% in 7 months from equities. Sounds slow compared to bitcoin, but at least it has actual value, is recognized internationally, and won't dip 50% in a month. 

Also now I can sell some stock and buy some more bitcoin now that it's at 11k. 
Wow, just a free fall atm.

Inpredict that when it hits 10k in two-three hours, the bottom will fall out and we will se prices dropping to around 2,500 within two-three weeks. Wont hit 10k again before next december.
Bought in at $17,800, just sold everything - i'm getting out of here before i lose more money
The big green bars from Dec 5-7 have been wiped out. We may be at the bottom.
when everyone else wakes up later today and they see that dip on multiple coins they will FRRRREEEAAAAK out and sell 
[removed]
Whalecalls is nuts. You guys should follow. Whalecalls and live coin watch. Side by side horror show this morning.
Somebody really doesn't want BTC above 12k
what will happen tomorrow when coinbase will add BCH/BTC for trading? How much it will infect bitcoin value?
this is a key area...I hope btc gets over it....good luck to ya's we need btc healthy

RemindMe! 10 months and 29 days "Markets going to dip ahead of lunar new year"
I would like to preface my question by saying my understanding of cryptocurrencies is limited and I get confused with the intention of the forks. With that being said, can someone provide some insight for me on this question...

When Ethereum splits on January 18th, will it be equivalent to Bitcoin Cash? If so, theres got to be a decent chance Coinbase would add the fork right? Finally, with that being said, why doesn't Coinbase add/use Segwit2x?

Any insight would be greatly appreciated! 
The sheer volume of comments on the daily’s was so much higher back when the meme peaked. I honestly thought I’d see this place on fire 
Whalecalls liquidate long positions bam! Wa cha!
Thoughts on how long this dip will last? 
It doesn't help people in this situation when they're worried or concerned because they're about to lose their money and experienced crypto guys laugh and abuse them and call them pussys.. they're just ordinary guys who wanna try make a few quid. I'm not aiming this at this sub.. but on Trading view and You Tube there's some real Assholes.
I thought 11,200 would be the floor today. Guess I could be wrong. 
Nothing but FUD: Fucking Unreal Dipping 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZ0osvrG8AI

BTC is still king as per wallet data
[removed]
This is the most panicked I've seen this sub. Just gonna close the tab and hodl. No point in selling at a loss. 
oh shit, this is it guys, BTC dominance is going up (35% right now, it was around 32% yesterday) shitcoins are taking a massive hit today. 
Bitcoin Smart(BCS) is a hard fork of Bitcoin on block height 505050. What would you guys sell BitcoinSmart.com For?
The real question is what is your investment time frame? Cant blame people who want to lock in some gains if they got in this time last year, but if your intent is long term (years like me), use this as an opportunity to build a balanced portfolio at a discount (BTC fell less than alts, measure in satoshis). Get a hobby, and try to sleep. 
A universal truth is market timing doesn't work - missing the 10 best days of S&P 500 over the last 20 years would cost you 1/3 of your annualized returns (including Tech bubble, 2008 crash etc.). This is no different and fear of additional losses will make you miss an epic snap back when it eventually happens. 

I am a fundamentals guy, and here is what I see: 
(1) typical mid Jan tax consolidation pattern repeated over past 5 yrs straight
(2) A maturing asset class - you wouldn't have Futures, Goldman Sachs, JPM, and major institutions investing heavily if it was a fad "St. Louis Fed: In Some Ways, Bitcoin Is More Robust Than Many Fiat Currencies"
(3) Temporary technical pressure from FUD, exchanges overwhelmed with new users, whales short term trading
(4) Family offices and HNW individuals looking at it seriously as a portfolio diversifier
(5) Bonus and tax rebates will fuel large flows in the next 4 weeks, cant tell you how many times I heard "I am ready to go as soon as I get my bonus check" the past few weeks


It will snap back, the question is how soon, as more FUD mongering may deter institutional investors. 

-Keep Calm and Crypto On
Still pretty new to this. Totally sold on the philosophy and technology, but governments/banksters are making me super nervous. We're under attack right? I mean, propaganda, talk of regulation etc... Safe to keep calm and carry on?
Hello everyone, did anything interesting happen with the bit coins today?
A good news 
https://cointelegraph.com/news/chinas-alibaba-launches-crypto-mining-platform-despite-restrictions-say-local-sources
Vermin and future shorters colluding to make this happen, the pattern has been there for weeks. GDAX going live with BCSH/BTC pair tomorrow, this ain't no coincidence. Cue scary music.
Who's doing all the buying?? I mean you can't sell and run without someone buying up your coin, right?
When were you when bitrcoins is dead?

I was at home eating candles when frend Lonny call.

"Fake internet money is kill"

No
Approaching $10,500 ~~sell~~ **buy** wall on GDAX as of 4:29p EST. Wall around ~192 at the time of this post.  
  
Edit: Typo correction.
Does GDAX order book show only limit orders, or market orders, too?  If so, what price does it show for the market order?
One stupid question; everyone here talk about panic “sell”. But selling to whom? Are there many people buying now?
Curious how many btc are sold last 24hrs
When would you guys suggest buying up more crypto. I cant decide If I should buy up now or wait and hope it drops more, or should I wait till I see it start to climb back up, what are you guy going to do?
It was such a dead market, on which even the smelly could not get up......
didn't someone mention that contracts expire today?
Do futures orders cancel if the price changes more than 20%   ?
It must hurt if you bought @ €16k & it’s now close to 8k ouch. 
Someone tried to bring bitcoin from Bitfinex to a cold purse? 
I see some saying this is normal correction but for real how bad is this? what do you guys think?
7AM Korea, things could get even more interesting. 
Enjoy the sudden price increase everyone because I just sold
To the moon!!
So noob question here. If I put in a stop order to sell at 10000, does that order help pull the price lower? I ask because I see a lot of support around 10100-10200 so I don't want to sell until I see if that support will break.
What do you guys have you stop sell set to. (Serious answers please)
9793 on bittrex now
So this is what a fall tower feels like
I have never seen so much volume trade so quickly. 
Wait just zoomed out still up over 900% year on year 
1 big green dildo there
just bought bitcoins.... 
It's not like anyone would want to buy after being a verified customer Coinbase... Been verified for years and now I suddenly have to verify. Can't on my computer because no webcam and the app won't load the verification on mobile. Way to suck.
Just bought at $10K and Coinbase motherfucker froze my purchase.  WTF

Don’t we need buyers?

Fuming....
Back at 11k, going up hard
I love this sub more than bitcoin. There is said it
hm doesnt look stable..
Aww piss, thought it was happenin again then.. is it?
Bitcoin was on way to 9000$ before 300 million tether was printed. Suddenly it spiked.

If I may ask this subreddit, why do even turn a blind eye to this? It may feel nice short-term but sooner or later people are gonna figure out and when that does happen its gonna crash so hard. 
How is it even ethically possible to cheer on this kind of stuff?
transaction on GDAX stuck pending and i cant cancel
Bitcoin has given me heart attacks and enlarged testicles. I panic and then I buy. 
this ain't over yet
is bitcoin finally stabilizing, or when will actually know, several weeks?
Alright, almost 1 am here on the rest coast.  Time for bed. Let's see what I wake up to tomorrow
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Shitconnect FUD coming thru ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Asian FUD coming thru ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Hawaii FUD all aboard ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ US FUD coming thru ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Is there a way to use Bitcoin to buy stocks? 
Coinbase: "We anticipate buying of BCH", yeah, if you could just enable my buying of anything at all, also enable my GDAX account because I have verified myself in 2 different ways, also verified 2 of my banks (each independently and together), that'd be great
Could anyone explain why China banned Bitcoin and how it'll affect the long term market? 
The technology? 
Incredible volume. 9.59B: https://www.worldcoinindex.com/
At this moment I do my choise and I can see a good window to enter again....
I buy a good money of bitcoin, ethereum, ripple (its so cheap), litecoin, zcash and spectrecoin.
Today will grow, slow, but a green light will shine....
Next weeks everything will back to the top.
Marketcap now 500bilions and in one week will back to 700 bilions... february we will see this market 1 tri +
So, if you looking for profit, the best time is now $
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gH476CxJxfg
I bought already at 11800 yesterday thinking I had scooped the dip, I don't have big enough balls to buy again...
somehow my trx is one of the only green alts today
Nice bullish bounce here on the 5M chart.....let's see if she has legs
strongest 5M candle here in the last 3 hours

Edit: I think we will be back above $10,000 in next hour or two
$500 up off the lows of the day
BTW, the next Bitcoin difficulty adjustment seems -16% , is that realistic ?
[removed]
This thing will obviously rocket off of the $10k floor. Might as well get in now at $10.5k for guaranteed gains.
[deleted]
You think bitcoin looks bad. Check out the other stupid cryptos. 20% loss on average. Finally some sanity in this whole ecosystem. Die you fucking pieces of shit shit coins. Hodl the one true Bitcoin and you will be amply rewarded. 
Can we just ban Asians from Bitcoin?, Really, prefer a stable sub10k Bitcoin. 
HODL!!
Not a conspiracy theory here but I think the Wall street bastards like to buy cheap. 

http://www.businessinsider.com/bitcoin-price-explosion-wall-street-spends-bonuses-2018-1?IR=T
Coordinated effort to drive down the price $1000 a day.  Happening late at night when majority of usa sleeps.
Goodbye brothers
The last chance to go to Fiat for 10k
Kgirls woke up and said to themselves. What happened to all my shop mooney? Well the whales liquidated them all. Sorry back to Canada.
What do you guys think of this article, about the Fed funding cryptocurrencies (proven)?

https://medium.com/@justindanneman/there-will-be-no-fedcoin-the-fed-already-controls-cryptocurrencies-3d614390faa1
Why so much panic over anticipated price correction? You know how many crypto analysts already anticipated a 8k -10k price before a couple of weeks? Some even went to 5k. i am honestly happy to visit the reddit bitcoin section and see all these panic memes, keep selling guys give space for true investors.
[removed]
It’s not like this hasn’t been predicted here I guess - ‘Correction’, ‘dip’ etc.. we’ve all got two options - to ride it out or to sell. But remember you can’t make a loss if you don’t sell. 
Already made a pretty good profit when I bought a few hours ago. Should I sell? 
Hodl and buy more :/
***WE GOOD??***
--

Did all the weak hand just jumped off?

Is anybody left?

Let me see your hands!!

https://i.redd.it/39qwtmziqfa01.gif
Anyone know the progress of Coinbase's batching implementation? How long do you think this will this take?

(Lets take the discussion away from price and move it to the improvements in the pipeline. Regulation can't hurt bitcoin in the long term).
I just want somebody to explain why the price tanks every time futures are liquidated. They are cash settled but still we see a huge price drop on every liquidation. Nobody has been able to answer why they are correlated 
My HODL is ready.
u get 1 more bounce back to 14k then its 6 or 8k bottom
If you want to sell fine...but dont market sell.
At bitcoin.de marketplace everyone is selling. After breaking 10K€  it's like "game over" here in germany.

Under 9K€ now...
the most important thing we learned from this is that there is $7.5 million on 10200
should i just pull out everything i've got now?
any way btc will get up to 17k ever again? is it all over?
What a dumpster fire we are witnessing. Broke every support level with this whalecall long position liquidation. 
Looks like this was mainly caused by bitconnect exit 
SMA100 at 10.6k. Not surprising to see a bounce off 10000. 

SMA200 at $7k. Would not be surprised to see it hit that soon.

WTF this is not gdax sub boys? 
Didn't see this coming LMAFAOooo
Hodlol?
Bots are back 
is it over?
Coinbase has a max limit of only 2000$ on Bitcoin/ethereum (even after verfying id) ..How can I buy more ? 
How long would this go on and how low? until 8k?
Bitcoin was inflated and volatile due to public perception and misunderstanding of what is actually being backed by banks and large development companies. The important thing to understand from the recent popularity of crypto-currency is the backing decentralized architectural algorithm: block chaining, NOT BITCOIN
The bubble has burst. It’s time to sell whislt it’s still worth something because I’m 2 days it will be worthless. I sold my 25 bitcoins this morning. I’m an expert in this field so please listen to me. You will thank me tomorrow 
[deleted]
This is the end friends. 
[deleted]
Lol what did i tell you guys. This is a bull trap
if u didn't hodl ur a fucking idiot
I hope everyone is happy with their cheap coins, now let’s get back to 20k 
any thoughts on the likes of Bitcoin Diamond? Will that ever have value?
Just hodl through the week. It's the Asian New Year in a month and it's logic that they're cashing out. 
[deleted]
Who are these fucking retards that are selling?
I think the moon price hope is over guys. :(
This is the downfall. Get your money out of coinbase before it cracks and all we have left are silly memes
[deleted]
As I've said many times before, there is a ton of support between here and $10k so until it breaks $10k there's no reason to panic.
It's mid January.. people have spent a truck load of money over Christmas and New Year's period.. i'd say just relax and HODL until Feb.. and buy more if you can during this "Dip/Crash/Whatever".. the important thing to note is that it's a finite amount.. so just on the scarcity, it'll gain/retain value. 
All the Americans missed the action over the last couple of hours! Will it continue?
So what's the general consensus of a good price?  $40,000 from $10,000 investment?  If that's the target, we already reached it.
12 Reasons Bitcoin Could Fall Below $1,000

https://www.forbes.com/sites/chuckj...s-bitcoin-could-fall-below-1000/#350cee8d341f
Oh dear SELLERS, do we already going down deeper? LOL, NOT SO!!

$11,682.90
Bitcoin price
+$184.90
Past hour (USD)
+1.61%
Past hour (%)
soo many people are blindly trusting the system, this could actually be a crash I will pull out if it gets close to the price I bought so I will limit the loss.

blood market............
GAME OVER
The volumes of procurement are small .... bulls are weak ...
[removed]
[removed]
The core part of 2018 Crypto Crash starts once the following price levels are crossed below to the downside:

BTC/USD (Bitfinex): $11,651

BTC/USD (Coinbase): $12,500

Afterwards, the crash then accelerates with terminal velocity when the lows of 22 Dec 2017 are crossed to the downside.

At which point many exchanges may likely experience outages, preventing fund deposits/withdrawals and the closing/opening of positions. Slippages on stops/limits may also occur.

https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2711461.msg28222378#msg28222378
[deleted]
This is actually good for bitcoin. All those stupid alts are crashing and burning big time. Die alts Die. This is like the popping of the Dotcom bubble. The winners from that fiasco are companies that have real world uses like amazon, microsoft etc. All the money that was poured into those crappy useless do nothing nobody pieces of shit will migrate back to bitcoin with its vast infrastructure and giant development team. Ha Ha.
[deleted]
If anything it's time to orchestrate a global wide revolution against all bureaucratic central banks and governments. Buy weapons, food, medicine and water. We fight for our freedom, for the cause.
Jesus these poor people buying now 😂
2500........... 
Goodbye brothers
now it will start to shed blood ))))))
Still up over 1000% in the last 12 months!!!!!
I have heard that Bitcoin can be attacked when only 30% of mining is centralized.  How can this be?  Can someone link an article?
This is a daily discussion so I'll throw it here. Hopefully it surfaces through all this pain. 
How do I buy BTC?
Gah!  It keeps going up! I want to buy! Please panic sell more :-(
Where should I BUY? 
I wanna get some more of that sweet discounted BTC.
In UK, previously used coinbase but might be too slow & thinking of boycotting.
I submitted a limit buy request on GDAX 3 hours ago for 0.0081 BTC for $100. Why hasn’t it gone through yet? 

Does it usually take 3 hours for a buy order to get filled?
Volume seems to be a trusty predictor of price fluctuations with BTC and other coins.  Does someone here that understands how this correlation works mind sharing their knowledge?  

What source do you use and what do you look for with volume fluctuations?  
2018 Crypto Crash

https://redd.it/7ptsg3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GI_nOlPYwLc
I don't know how deep it will drop this time. But I think this is deffinitly not the end of Bitcoin - at least not yet. btw I've never possess any Crypto - Just my opinion by long term watching.
bouncing up now :)
I bought for $14k. Now I feel bad. Should I buy more? Should I just stay where I am? WTF is going on?
Now a chance to sell at 10,000, for those who are in bitcoin!
Reached bottom?
A green light
[deleted]
Tax season is upon us and many folks will be forced to sell to settle taxes.  This is why we could see strong selling pressure through April or even May (I read South Korea's last tax date is May 31).

Keep this in mind and HODL on tight! The Summer will be a rip. Avoid the FUD in the meantime and stop checking cryptomarketcap daily. Only check 1 day a week. Get a hobby or go outdoors. Your anxiety will thank you.

ON THE FLIP SIDE. All the FOMO folks may use tax returns to buy crypto...should be an interesting few months. Don't look too deep into things.
Remember those "Bitcoin is still up x% on the month, don't panic!" posts? Well Bitcoin is down 29.3% on the month, maybe it's time to panic.
there's literally rivers of blood in the streets
The main reason i think bitcoin will rise again (after it shakes all these new "investors") is simple. The dark web. The DW is the reason why bitcoin became huge to begin with. No tracing the owners, easy to transfer money, and its pretty much the only currency used there now days. The DW is huge too. After all these phoney investors hop off the train, bitcoin will flourish again seeing as the DW will always be around and in need of a privacy currency.  So if you're investing long term, its a great idea to hop on right now while its the lowest we've seen in awhile!
And the dip is gone. 
Guys, stop holding and hoping for price drops to buy.  That's the wrong way to make money from BTC.  I.e. shooting for the moon.

The key is taking advantage of BTC's volatile nature.  There have been at least 5 rebounds of over 10% in last 7 days.  If you had bought/sold during those 5 rebounds, you would have made over 60% gain in just in 7 days.

You can write me off as a troll or FUD or whatever.  Or you can thank me later for the tip.
guys do you think it is still possible  to10X my investment in terms of fiat  within an year if I bought bitcoins at  ath of  19k   :( 

or atleast  5x?
GDAX hacked ???
Bitcoin is recovering nicely. I bet everyone who sold this morning is starting to feel regret.
Oh okay that makes sense. I knew I was missing somethung,.
Serious question now.. why on earth would anyone sell a heap of BTC at $11.7k when it's going upwards.
HODL
Am I right in guessing this is BCH offloading the remainder of their BTC?
On my account Bitfinex suddenly appeared 1.000.000 bitcoins! Only for some reason they are not deduced on a cold purse, at whom the same problem? !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Please check your accounts!
Cute lil bounce there.

Now watch thisssss.
Koreans are bearish!
[removed]
[removed]
