Daily Discussion, January 14, 2018
Look at the historical charts on BTC, these gut wrenching dips happen numerous times a year. Don’t let it ruin your day. They big days more then make up for the bad ones.
BTC was like $5800 just two months ago. 
Relax, people. 
We're fine.
watching BTC on gdax is like watching a scary movie. 
Is this over now? Should i go back to my wife?
Guys, just relax, **buy the dip**, go outside, go play a game, comeback in 12h and everything will be green again..
Check the charts - 12 noon, all the major coins down almost simultaneously.  Anyone got a reasonable explanation for this?  Can't be coincidental.
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ BTC TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ BTC TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ BTC TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ BTC TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 


Why is everybody expecting the price to go up by default? Is there any fundamentally sound reason it should go up?
Weekend behaviour again. Who'd have thunk it?
Man you guys are PUSSIES. You like to seem so confident and hopeful when the price is rising, HODL, TO THE MOON, BITCOIN IS THE FUTURE, but when the price dips a little bit y'all are crying like little bitches. Have some dignity!
Guys I bought in at 17k. This was definitely a mistake but how could I have known? I guess I just gotta hodl now? I don’t know how else to get back to breaking even other than waiting...
Volume since yesterday is pretty low
funny lightning network+japanese exchange launch+report that central banks will hold bitcoin does not help bitcoin at all. 
There's no need to panic until we go under $10k. There's a ton of support between $13k and $10k.
end of Dec is dipped to 12 then climbed to 17, just chill. 
Shorts are not covering anytime soon.
For tax purposes, how are capital gains calculated if I've bought in at different prices?
At this rate I am going to break even with my investment. Plz not below. 
tried to send money today

is 0.00036 total fee for 226 bytes total about right ? or is that too low ? or do you need more info ? 

I thought I did the math right that I sent it about 160 satoshi per byte but Im nervous I did something wrong.


in general how long should this transfer take ? 
Man, I've seen a couple whales buying like 20-40 BTC in individual buys on GDAX the last hour or so. These guys are either anticipating on driving the price up, or just got boned.

I've been pretty pessimistic recently, but now we have perfect conditions for a whale-driven rally (low volume, relatively significant consolidation). 
my desktop widget show 13.777, that 777 must be some kind of signal.
Asian businessmen just finished their lunch and are hungry for more
When there's a dip people say "zoom out... Look at the month gains". Well I just zoomed out and this thing is going to shit
Everyone who sold this morning will regret it.
I'm gonna be honest.  I first joined in on the mass mania mid Dec @ 17.6k

I'm glad I got out at 18.5k then into altcoins.  I've enjoyed 600% return since.

If I had held BTC all along... I'd be still in negative after such 40 days...

I already have 600% banked.  I seriously doubt that happening in BTC.  That'd be $87,000 per btc.  Yikes. That sounds crazy unreachable.

I'm typing this not to gloat but you should be honest about yourself.  I'm in it for money.  Most of us are too.  If not you wouldn't be all FUD about every dip and wondering when it'll go up.
http://www.businessinsider.com/bitcoin-price-explosion-wall-street-spends-bonuses-2018-1 this is the only article im blaming on since today's low :( 
LOL the reason that bitcoin is dropping is Koreans think Americans throw coins on weekend. (it's been like that actually) WE GOTTA RAISE UP!!
Fuck this shit, all it does is take down the alts with it. So done with this crap
This is actually very healthy for Bitcoin long term because it is building tremendous support levels
I'm new to bitcoin. Not a lifelong investor, but I consider myself to be someone with a fairly strong understanding of the tech behind bitcoin and many alt-coins. I bought a small portfolio of 5 top 100 coins to get started on, with the intention of holding, and maybe selling some of the smaller altcoins on a big swing. 

Bought BTC at 14,275 thinking it would stabilize. I wanted to get in before it continued to climb, but now it's looking pretty rough. My concern is not really that BTC is low, but rather that virtually all of the top 50 are in the red right now.

Any words of wisdom or positivity?
[removed]
My friend was sent some bitcoin back in 2013/2014 but he can't remember where it is. Can anyone list a few popular wallets at that time or likely places that it would be?
My chart for tonight https://charts.stocktwits.com/production/original_108937683.png
A bullrun is due soon, judging by TA. 
https://www.ccn.com/south-korea-govt-confirms-no-cryptocurrency-trading-ban-market-optimistic/ up we go
Just too many FUDs las weeks... a big war between bulls X bears...
I can see the finish of this bad moment...
Coming soon, maybe in the end of this month, a lot of money back to all cryptos.
And probabily will happen so fast, that prices will rocket to the moon.
We just  need to be patience and hold. Choice your coins and hold. 
The prices at this stage are very good. Just choice yours and hold for two weeks more. 
Big profits in 2018. $
Many smart crypto people are saying today is going to be the lowest price Bitcoin will ever be again. I’m skeptical but we shall see what happens tomorrow when bonuses hit...
Gut feel is the market is down for a reason, a deliberate reason. When you see stuff like this big money is making money. 

I can say with 99.9% confidence Bitcoin will on be again be at a higher value than today. Patience rewards here. 
20-ish days after Thanksgiving we got a big increase. It's been 20-ish days since Christmas, can we expect another boom soon?
This last 9 hour dip has to be artificial... there is no reason for it, no FUD or anything
someone is trying to lower the price brutally
Cheap Bitcoin yum
Has bitcoin completed a double bottom formation on the 3m chart?
I'm a noob and trying to understand bitcoin. What makes bitcoin better than other newer cryptos given that bitcoin is much slower and more expensive to transfer compared to other cryptos? Why does it still have such a huge following?
Okk sweet I was just wondering if the launch was the same day of the release of the code, or if the code was released on the day?
We know what happened when BTC went down to 5.6k after the fork cancellation. We saw how people waiting for a dip took the opportunity and shoot it to the moon from there within just a little over a month at near 20k. As much as the bears are trying to pull it down below 10k , it's not happening. I believe we have already seen the bottom at around 11.5k and can expect it reaching 33k-38k by the end of the month.
Glad to see BTC is finding its real value and that the floor is already so high. I imagine it hurts if you have thousands of dollars in it, but this means it should pay off in the long term. 
Get used to sideways trading for a month or two until more lightning nodes are implemented and fees go down drastically. For the first time in human history, we have the advancement of something being an easy cheap currency and store of value. Until the currency portion is scaled properly, bitcoin’s full potential is not realized. 
Gold coins used to be that until they were over mined (we could find massive gold deposit in the deepest part of the ocean tomorrow increasing supply and reducing price) and than used as a store of wealth. Gold was rare and heavy (hard to steal) which is why they decided thousands of years ago to use it as currency. 
Bitcoin uses MATH and laws of the universe with precise calculations. It is not fully mined till 2140 so if we can get this payment solution solved finally, we will be set for hundreds of years just as when gold was readily Mineable. 

If bitcoin cannot solve this scaling problem soon where everyone can use it to buy things cheaply (commerce) than Governments will have an easier time banning it like in South Korea and China now. If the payment side of bitcoin was fixed and everyone could use it, no one would allow their governments to ban the way they pay for milk and eggs. 
Does anyone know when the software was available as open source? and do you know of a source to find that info?

On Github it says August 30th 2009, but isn't that later than the release of BTC?
Are we going to break resistance today or what?
Are bitcoin futures traded every day of the month or is there usually just a select day of the month where futures are settled? My understanding is a future is a month long contract, please correct me if I am wrong.
What % of your savings / retirement do you have in Crypto?
For those that are HODLing, what kind of upside do you think Bitcoin has? $50k? $100k? More?

My crypto allocation is 50%+ BTC and I'm trying to see if I should divest some and move into other coins or if I should HODL. Given BTC's market cap, it makes me wonder how much further upside it can have vs. some of the smaller alts. Thoughts?
Hi can anyone see this comment? Not sure if my comments are appearing. Thanks 
any coins that have potential nowadays? Like potential partnerships or big news? looking for something to diversify my BTC portfolio
Never understood why ppl sell lower while the price is trying to go up
Some people out there tryin' to 'short it out' - fellow Bitcoinians, buy - don't let this happen!
What's everyone's thoughts on the bear Market ATM? When will we see this improving? History says at this time of year for the last few years it's a common theme to see significant dips. 
tHiS iS goOd FoR BitCoIn
Bitcoin fees are outrageous. I withdrew $75, from my balance of $120 on BitPay. I received $63 and my remaining balance is $20 LOL. WTF
Dependent on whether Coinbase has their poop in a group, I expect a huge increase in market cap the beginning to middle of this week
This is the bottom.
From what I see. The price is holding well just now. Once there is a more reliable platform for traders we should see a price jump. But if you are a hodler this shouldn’t matter to you? 
Hey, guys, I need your help :)
I wanna buy bitcoin using my Payoneer account. 
Does anyone have any experience with it? 
Thanks!
Is btc going up again (not necessarily soon)?

Is btc going to be outdated and passed by other crypto currency?

Thanks in advance for anyone who answers
Noob question here, does anyone really think the price is going to go up a Significant margin now that the wall street boys are getting their bonus checks? I know it's not as bad as before, but isn't there a lot of skepticism in wall street about Bitcoin? Again idk enough about it just wanted to get others opinions.
Sold on Coinbase and my estimated payout was yesterday but money never came. What should I do from here? Wait a little longer in hopes that it was just delayed?
Is Kraken a good website to buy bitcoin at the moment?
What do they celebrate MLK day in China , was hoping to see some Monday morning volume 
Adoption rates are still very low so the market is still going to look bullish overall this year maybe not as potent as 2017
I have a blockchain wallet.

I have 45 dollars worth of bitcoin in it.

It's not going to skyrocket. I want to spend it and stop caring about it.

How the fuck do I even use this stuff?
i started 2018 with an all-star crypto lineup in my portfilio, and BTC was supposed to lead them all the way to the lambo... why? *why?*
Does anyone know when the bitcoin software was initially posted on SourceForge?
Bitcoin will never go under $13k again.
Ole ole ole ole ole ole
We're all part of Satoshi’s army 
We're all off to the moon
And we really shake them up 
When we hit new all time highs 
Cause Bitcoin have the greatest crypto team 

Put em under pressure!
We getting a new BOTTOM soon or what?
[deleted]
Why are you using this topic instado of freely writing in the sub? This affects visibility in the feeds
Looks like its on a long slow decline ? ... 25% down in a month... why would anyone pump hard earned into this !!
