Daily Discussion, January 13, 2018
Nobody noticed: 
Today, January 13, 2018, 80% of all Bitcoins ever are mined.
Korean Justice Minister just [backtracked](https://i.redd.it/vzxhu4zeqs901.png) (the previous one was the Finance Minister, the Justice Minister was the main Fudder) and Kraken just [re-launched with a new engine](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7q3mti/kraken_new_engine_site_relaunch/). Bullish for this weekend. 

Also, Bitfinex just opened the door for new accounts, Bitrex and Binance will do it soon and Wall Street guys to join the game on the 15th with their bonuses. Get ready for the flood of new money that has been stuck unable to enter the space. 
Hodling on to everything anticipating some more silly FUD before wall street get their fat bonuses and buy when the price is low. Sadly not much can be done to stop these whales :( :(
Bitcoin is boring today
https://i.imgur.com/xavet2F.png

This looks pretty healthy to me.
It's been a pretty boring stable day today. Should I sell so you guys can go to the moon or buy more so you can get more discounted bitcoin?
I would like to let you guys know that I did a major transaction from a segwit wallet to segwit wallet and the bitcoin showed up INSTANTLY.  Also,  we paid $1 in fees but we set the fees to max and it wasn’t even necessary. 
Whats with the low volume?  Im trying to make money here.
"He's heating up..."
What do you think is the likelihood of a genuine Coinbase competitor coming out in 2018? I mean a real gateway for fiat that is easy enough for the normie to use, not something like Gemini?

I fear that that at this point Coinbase has a natural monopoly and that its only going to get worse unless we get a solid competitor to come in fast.
Why did the dumpster fire ignite again? God forbid it climbed 2%? Really? 
I just need to rant and get this off my chest. Sorry, didn't know where else to discuss this. 

Honestly, getting frustrating holding Bitcoin, not because I don't believe in it, just the pure manipulative actions taking against it.

Somehow these terrible alt-coins go up 1000%, and Bitcoin somehow dives likes 40%. It would have been nicer to have steady growth, but how does a coin go up from 13000 to 17000 in 2 days, and drop back to 13000 like no tomorrow. 

Screw Coinbase, screw CNBC, screw Bcash.
Quick question - is there a *good* exchange that works in the EU, covers both BTC and a wide selection of altcoins, and allows you to withdraw into fiat? I'm basically thinking something like Poloniex but with actual fiat withdrawals and not just Tether. 

I basically want to be able to buy more BTC, buy some Monero and other alts etc all on one site, and use the same site if I need to withdraw anything. 

Bonus points if lots of the smaller altcoins/less often traded are available. 

Is my analysis off or are all the top coins in a pennant right now? (Except ETH)
upward trend. Let's go!!
Y'all ever read https://99bitcoins.com/bitcoinobituaries/ ?

What an embarrassing display for both economists and related journalists. I've never learned of  "experts" be this wrong outside the field of physics before.
I am a LTC hodler and I think that LN will kill LTC and every other coin.
Is there danger to a paper wallet or cold storage, not sure what to call it? On bitcoinpaperwallet.com, I created a address/private key pair, everything seems good but at the end it had a warning that if I ever withdraw the BTC from that address I should withdraw ALL of it, otherwise some might be lost. Why would that happen?
Bitcoin fee calculator Bitfees.info would be cool to get some feedback!:)
3,9% of BTC was sold for 100 000GBP on Kraken today. Right about the same time when someone bought 0.5BTC for 125GBP. Only on Kraken. :)
Do you think the price of BTC will go up these few months due to massive bonus payouts for 2017? 
This may be a noob offtopic question but can anyone recommend me a website or a book where I can learn more about E.g MACD, MFI, Bollinger bands, oscillators, Bill williams 3 lines, RSI and all of this technical jargon? Im getting extremely interested in this and also into normal stocks and I want to learn more about this, but I have no clue where to start (Im using Trading view)
Why is coinbase so slow to implement SegWit and transaction batching? It could save their users alot on fees.
Oh dear.. I was hoping the whales didn't work weekends.. it appears they do.
about last april I spent my .5 btc because I believed in btc and by the time I had money again to put in my wallet btc was at 17k. I just thought I had a few years before it got this big. Bittersweet I guess.

 its gonna take me years to get it back to that if ever. I doubt I will ever own a full btc. I wont give up though.
Can somebody tell me how to-
1. Download full btc blockchain
2. Check balance of multiple addresses (say 250) using downloaded blockchain?

thanks
[removed]
Noob question:
I've been reading through the Bitcoin source code on GitHub and it is fascinating to me.  My question is: what specifically is being discussed/coded/worked on here? I thought the bitcoin source code was unchangeable...

Seems like every time bitcoin dips it comes back and stabilizes a little lower than the last dip
Why the fucking fuck is Bitcoin still dropping? I mortgaged my house to buy at $19k. You guys guaranteed me this thing would keep going up.
@ /u/Kraken-Tyler Hey guys. I closed a short on Kraken when my equity was worth about $40k. I closed my short position by buying 200% worth of the original to open a long while closing.

I now have -$800 balance (instead of around $40k and a new long opened).

What is going on? There seems to be an error in the new system and support hasn't responded. Has this happened to anyone else?
A lot of people are wondering how the market for bitcoin will respond in a crisis. This morning, for about 10 minutes, Hawaii thought it was about to be hit with nuclear missiles. Fortunately, the emergency alert was sent in error. But during those ten minutes, people had access to their cell phones. In addition, people around the world probably received word of this alert as well. Was there any increase in trading activity during those ten minutes? If so, did the price go up or down? 
Newbie here so please take it easy on me. What's the difference between Binance and Bitstamp? Do you prefer one with the other?

Another question, is https://segwitaddress.org a legit segwit wallet? Am I understanding this right?
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5265605/Bitcoin-investors-face-BANNED-using-gains.html
I can’t get verified on GDAX, in Canada you need license and passport. I don’t have a passport right now. Is there any other way to transfer from coinbase to coinsquare without paying 20$ in fees
1. Can someone ELI5 why when I have a paper wallet and I remove money from it, I should transfer everything out and when I have a desktop wallet or hardware wallet (at least I haven't read that so far) I don't have to? Are these wallets doing that for me automatically?

2. When people post a Bitcoin donation address, is that the public key of their hardware/desktop/exchange wallet or is it a specific wallet they use for the donations only and transfer funds around later? I mean in the end, through tx history you would find out anyways if they transfer it all the time to the same wallet, right?

Appreciate any explanations 
[deleted]
So, is the dropping BTC volatility related to the futures trading? Whales aren't as willing to screw with BTC, as a huge chunks of futures market sells could rip through walls in either direction and make it harder to manipulate markets ATM. This makes more sense, as more volume is moving to alts.
how can i use lightning payment in mainnet. 
Does anyone have a transaction from coinbase? I would like to see how it looks.
Advice on the right time to buy BTC. If you weren’t holding any BTC and were in my position, at would price would you buy? 

Thanks!
What exactly is the price now?

I'm getting 10k on Blockfolio and Delta and still 14.5k on Coin Market Cap. Is it a dip with a delay to CMC?
Bitcoin transactions r pretty fast rn... wat gives?
Today I learnt about ConnectX the next big thing to happen in the cryptocurrency community. Listening to Lance today gave me a lot of hope on the architectural system designs which he unveiled especially the designs to reduce hacking of crypto accounts by using node instead of blockchain. While his explanation was wow, I can't wait to see ConnectX lunch its first satellite to take over from the internet data security as it has become almost impossible to reduce data hacking from the internet.
[removed]
How come sending for example £500 will result in a £15 fee and sending £1000 will result in a £45 fee. I've known it to change a bit but by 3x?? It's actually cheaper to send multiple smaller amounts for some reason too. It's never been like this. I'm using Airbitz too which was recommended a lot just 6 months ago when i was looking for an android wallet.
So because I'm so depressed that I never got any bitcoins I guess I'll spend like 1/5 of my paycheck (literally only $25) to get some, :*) so what's the difference between BTC and bitcoin cash now? I have bitcoin cash for some dumb reason in my blockchain wallet when I had like $0.25 of btc in it before.
So I was just thinking about this... What if BTC hits the moon one day, and then nobody wants to buy any because it's too expensive? What then?
god this coin is depressing.. any good news in the horizon?
Guys. I heard Burnie Sandals would have given me free kollege if he got elected. Do you guys think he would've given us free bitcoin too? I think he would've given us all free bitcoin too and everyone in the world would be rich right now and we could've all sold our bitcoin and the world wouldn't have to work! Burnie Sandals 2020!
[deleted]
Seems like BCD is BTC's Son
bitcoin needs to be used as a cash system now, not later, now because like South Korea and China where they are trying to ban to a certain extent, if it was available as a cash system and used by all, no way could any government ban it and there is no reason for the delay. 
I have IOTA, TRX, POWR, POE and ETH in almost equal proportion. I wanted to understand one thing, just to see how vulnerable I am.  Even if the price of all my alt-coins increases, and so does ETH. Then how will I lose, if at all? Because let's say I go 5x in all alt-coins and I go 2x in ETH, then I will still make the surplus (3x) in my withdrawal. Tell me how i'm right or wrong? Thanks a lot in advance. :)
One way for the government to kill BTC is to suppress the price for so long that interest dies. I think there’s a (small) chance that could be what’s happening. The price has been oscillating for a month now. 

I’ve watched btc price for years and this is a little unusual for the price to move and be caged in like this..
[deleted]
