Daily Discussion, December 31, 2017
Asia here.. just as soon as the clock hit 12midnight (new year) btc started to lift off!  good sign for 2018?

Edit:  Happy New Year everyone!!!
Just need to share. 

My dad keeps seeing BTC on the news and is very excited about it.  I was trying to discuss with my dad Bitcoin’s current fees, and how everyone is excited for Lightning network coming.  He keeps cutting me off and telling me that with BTC coming to some ETFs (exchange traded funds) you won’t have to pay these fees. 

I’m like Dad, nah, that’s different. Those ETFs aren’t moving BTC around, they’re like the futures. Bitcoin is on a Blockchain etc. He just kept shutting me down and told me to “look it up.” LOOOL Can anyone else share their frustrating experiences talking to fam about crypto? :(
Just bought more at $12.5k USD on Gemini.
I ordered a 2018 Mazda but here comes the Lambo's 🚀
I refuse to believe this is a long term bear market. Couple months max IMO. My gut feels like it’s ready to start breaking out upwards any day. Bitcoin and buyers are impatient. As they see it’s not crashing back to 5k they’ll jump back in for their 2018 investments. 20k probably was a parabolic blowoff top but it’s not the “big finale” blow off where EVERYONE frenzies in because it might be like you have to 
[deleted]
I believe I am the reason for the sudden rise. I gave up last night and sold everything I had. So you're all welcome. Now should I buy back in and tank it again? 
Can anyone point me in the right direction to get started mining again? AFAICT the only option right now is the Antminer S9? I don't really want to support Bitmain. I'm also seeing word of a 7nm ASIC miner coming out of Japan in 2018 via an ICO.

Based on my prior experience I don't think it would be very profitable vs. buying BTC, but I want to help avoid centralization.

I do have an original Avalon but I don't think it would do much for me at this point.
I wish you guys happy new year, and all the best.
Dont let the FUDders scare you, HODL and enjoy the movement.
I'd like to share my bitcoin experience with you guys, perhaps someone can relate.

I've been investing for quite sometime in stocks and bonds but bitcoin was a whole new experience. More than any financial gain/loss, all this wild fluctuation in price has been a thrill and it allowed me to find out how I behave under extreme day trade pressure, making split second decisions. 

I consider myself to be a disciplined investor but with bitcoin  crazy ups and downs the emotional side was hard to suppress and it did influence my decisions, but the experience also taught me how to control the emotional side of my decision making process under pressure.

It was a great thrill and a self discovery experience, I hope 2018 bring good fortune to all of us.
Happy new years everyone. 2018 will be pivotal for BTC.
Happy cake day Bitcoinmod
TIL Bitcoin is no fun when it's not extremely volatile.
I invested 5 figures into BTC maybe 6 or 7 months ago. I now hold 6 figures. We always kept the mindset that if/when BTC ever reaches 5K (GBP) a coin, we will pull out. 6 months later I watched BTC triple that 'insane' number. I never pulled out and I remain init but now for the long run. 'When' BTC reaches another 'ridiculous' number I may consider pulling out but until then, I'm going to have a think about what I'm going to do with all of that money ;). Currently 6 figures, lets reach 7 boys!
Just realised that an investment that changes minute by minute isn't my thing. Going to look at the daily price charts instead.
HAPPY NEW YEARS MY BITCOIN FAMILY!
Alright Bitcoin, this isn't funny anymore. Please make the price go back up so I can make a lot of money really fast. Please, I beg you.
19k here we come!!!!
I invested about $200 into crytocurrency, is that enough?
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's rising
Hugh buy orders are flying in!!!! 
NYE bull market with the lads. 
What different type of address formats are being used today? For example, "X addresses start with 1", or "Y ends in 34d" or something. I am trying to understand the different type of address formats that are being used.
Love you all Happy New Year.....
What actually causes BTC to have such high transaction fees? I presume the minors are charging these but why?
If we hit 16k before midnight i will be crying... these days were kind of rude xd
I feel like my bitcoin isn’t safe on coinbase because I don’t actually possess the keys, so where should I transfer it to? Also how do I avoid the high transfers fees on coinbase when I move my bitcoin to a more secure place.
Would be kind of hilarious if we closed 2017 around 16k.. :)
You will never hodl alone

When you hodl through a storm,
Hold your head up high,
And don't be afraid of the dark,
At the end of the storm,
There's a golden sky,
And the sweet silver song of a lark,

Hodl on...,
Through the rain...,
Hodl on...,
Through the wind...,
Though your dreams be tossed and blown...,

Hodl on... ,
Hodl on...,
With hope in your heart...,
And you'll never hodl alone,
You'll never hodl alone.
Buckle up boys were taking off!
Is anyone expecting a bull run within the next few hours and if so what makes you think that... alternatively anyone thinking bearish and if so why?

Me, I'm thinking bull to 16k in the next few hours based on the new year reinvestment of people. 
hello, new to bitcoin, given the current dip, is it the moment to buy bitcoin? And is coinbase the right place to do so rn? (im in europ, if you know any other good exchange let me know, I was thinking about buying bitcoin on coinbase and then trading it on binance but everything seems to be locked down now..)
What is the best online wallet to use?
Come on babeee gimme that sweet sweet new year that i want!!! Loviu hodlers. We pass this crisis togheter to become more stronger.
How can I help speed up transactions? I know it won't be really much but is there a way I can help? 
Hardware Wallet

I know this has probably been done to death...I have googled it but I can’t seem to find the answers to all my questions/assumptions.

I’d love someone to answer them...or just point me in the best direction. 

(1) My funds are still on Coinbase. This is a risk as I don’t own my keys. As such I should transfer these to a hard wallet..I.e a Trezor or a Ledger. To do this I should use GDAX as this doesn’t cost anything.

(2) The hardware wallet will come with a 24 word recover phrase...this should be written down and never lost 

(3) The Trezor/Ledger has a Public & a Private key.  What is the difference between these and when should each be used? What difference is this to the generated address by the Ledger each time a transfer is needed?

(4) The Ledger creates a new address each time a transfer is to be made.  Simply paste this into GDAX....send. And that’s all??

(5) If I want to sell bitcoin, what’s the best way? Transfer back to GDAX? How is this done?

Anything else major that I’m missing???

Thanks all!





What you guys think of Tom Lee and Metcalfe’s law explaining 94% of bitcoins price curve?


Are we gonna rise?
My personality is that I don’t see ripple succeed in the long term
What is Bitcoins New Year's Resolutions?
was away from btc for a while, had a small amount stored in multibit on my laptop (which i recently found out was no longer supported). transferred the btc i had stored there to my coinbase wallet a couple of days ago and it still hasn't processed. i know the network is stressed atm so i don't mind waiting but i'm not going to lose that btc or anything just because the wallet i was using was discontinued, right?
Someone posted a "how to" for getting a main-net lightning node running for windows but I can't find it.  Can someone find it please?
Just had my first moon ride tonight. I was just trading back and forth <20 min dips and rises, everything going well looking at maybe making 5% growth tonight. When suddenly 200 btc just drops into the buy market and up we go!
Happy new year lovely hodlerss <3
Serious question, what is the fasted way to get any coin, today right now? ive been waiting 4 days and have 5 to go until coinbase validates my first transaction.
Now departing Earth.

Next destination, the Moon.

Enjoy your flight.
Last call for anyone who don't have too much money. 

Next year we will see on moon. 
So am I in the wrong or being stubborn when I think of all these new/rising alts as cash-grabs or scams? Like BCH, XRP, and the million other new coins that popped up and are blowing up at the moment? I'm not just invested in BTC but obviously its #1 2nd to ETH and I'd argue XMR and LTC after. Anything else just seems like a pipe dream or FOMO. Now I obviously am not as interested or have done as much research on these new coins but if diversifying a crypto portfolio means holding 20 different coins then I'm good. 
Happy New Year everyone!

What do you think BTC will do tonight? Thought BTC will surpass 14k and just sold my NEO for BTC and my Omisego. Hoping for a bitcoin run and alts down.

My portfolio is like this right now : 41,46% bitcoin...25,16% XLM, 19,32% ICX, 10,49% ETH, 3,3% NEO

Any advice? Thank you
How much is a satoshi?
What if the point of a bcash fork was to negate taxes on the btc moon.

When the Blockchain forks, I receive property who’s cost basis its initial trading value. When it dives that’s counts as my loss. 

Example: I buy btc at 1k it moons to 10k. I then owe capital gains on 9k if I sell at that high. 

But... I received a property asset called bcash at 10k which then dropped to 2k.   I took a 8k loss when I cash out at the bottom. 

What if bcash was a tax write off for the rich? 
Is my ledger naos s hacked? I am trying to transfer some btc from my ledger nano s to an ICO. What happens is that it asks me to confirm output 1 which is the amount I want to send plus the adress. Now comes the suspicious part. It asks me to confirme output 2 which is 0,8 BTC to an unknown adress that I did not put in. I have closed everything and restarted but still same thing is happening. Anybody knows whats going on?
Get ready for a brief 15k tonight
I love bitcoin.
Bitcoin fees cost more than it does to buy a 2 TB drive to run a node with 16mb blocks.

Fix the problem core and its STRAIGHT to 100k.


[removed]
Does anyone here believe that the current price, around $13k, is being held around that level by parties that benefit from keeping the price at this level?
[deleted]
bought some when it was around 12k today i just hope it shoots up haha
I realized that Remitano's spread is around 3k Malaysian Ringgit while Luno's is almost always 1 MYR. Why is it so and how does the spread affect the trading pattern etc.? Also, why is the market price here is so much higher than the actual price? 1 BTC is 63k MYR when it's only 13k USD now (currently the FOREX is around 4 MYR/USD).
I am a new investor and slowly but surely I am getting to own my share of the BTC dream.
Is anyone else having trouble buying or selling on Coinbase? I was able to do a transaction yesterday but after that when I enter a number to sell it just clears itself. No error message or anything.. 
$16,800,000 sell wall on Bitfinex @ $14k
Does anyone know a reputable source to buy Bitcoin in Pakistan? 
ELI5: What’s the point of using different receiving addresses? If i recieve to 3 addresses can they not be tracked to the same wallet? When i send money out from my wallet they can still see that it came originally from those 3 sources?
Meta question about the sub - how do some people have a "redditor for X time" next to their names? I assumed it would be automatic user flair but my flair is checked on and it still doesn't show up. Que?
How do I buy Bitcoin with USD that doesn't use Coinbase and doesn't take days or weeks to verify?
Ascending Triangle on the 15 min chart. Breakout soon:)
I'm not an Aussie bit this doesn't look too hot
 
http://thefreethoughtproject.com/top-four-banks-freezing-customer-accounts-bitcoin/
bitcoin gold transfer times anyone ?
How far out is the lightning network?
Hey can someone help me with a basic btc question? I am looking to purchase something online using btc. They provided an address where I should deposit the btc. Can I directly withdraw the btc from my gdax account to the provided address, or do I need to transfer my btc to a wallet first, and then to the provided address?
Best way to check the price? chart?
Former Coinbase user here, I am in dire need of a new wallet as I have gotten tired of Coinbases bullshit. Any suggestions for a new wallet, preferably one that does not require ID verification.
NOOB QUESTION. if i find a wallet.dat file, how do i restore it without having to download bitcoin core. i have electrum wallet if that helps but have no clue what to do 
Huge buy wall up. Drop in sell wall. Going up?
I thought yesterday was the end of this bear run. Wrong again! Fuck you bears lol
So what's our opinion on altcoin? I heard it's pretty good. 
We defo gona see jump @ 12 tonight GMT . Expect fireworks in 35 mins 
Just spent .02 of BTC on some Verge, Hopefully this hype for WRAITH lets me double or triple up on this trade.
I think I might be addicted to BTC, sold half my holdings yesterday to save myself from a heart attack and today I'm itching to buy right back in. 
Mining question: Hope I won’t be shot down for posting this...

I rent an apartment and the electricity bill is included so all gains would be profit. 

I’ve got an old computer sitting in the attic:

CPU:
Intel® Core™2 Quad Q6600 (4 X 2.40GHz) 1066MHz FSB/8MB Cache
Memory (RAM):
4GB CORSAIR XMS2 800MHz (2x2GB)
Graphics Card:
512MB QUADRO FX1700 PCI Express + 2 x DVI
Power Supply:
450W Quiet Dual Rail PSU + 120mm Case Fan
Processor Cooling:
22dBA TRIPLE COPPER HEATPIPE CPU COOLER

Is it even worth the hassle of setting it up/taking up space? Any idea what likely return might be?

Thanks in advance.
If it averages at around 14k again after that dip ill be impressed
What you guys think... sub 13 in next couple hours?
Elon Musk rumored to endorse Bitcoin in 2018
once ripple crashes bitcoin will fly
[deleted]
[removed]
well that was nice while it lasted. 
silly question.  Bitcoin gets mined in coins, but can be traded / exchanged in fractional coins all the way down to Satoshi.  Does the block chain have to keep track of every individual satoshi and the associated address, that seem silly slow and wasteful.  So how does blockchain deal with coin unit fragmentation?  My balance could have originated from multiple sources, but when I transfer it all to one address, presumably the part bits have to be transferred rather than a single unit of whatever size.  Given there is full audit tracability in the blockchain of which addresses any part of a coin got transferred through then that argues the fragments have to be tracked.  If that is true.. then while Bitcoin is relatively unpopular / low value the fragments will be larger but if Bitsoin displaces FIAT which will also likely mean the value rapidly grows then transactions will be in ever smaller fractions of a coin and conceivable the whole block of issued coins gets increasingly fragmented into smaller and smaller chunks.  It seem like this would result in transactions becoming increasingly onerous to process / track and the size of the block chain transaction history...

What am I missing?
Is Bitcoin dying? So I read this thread a few weeks ago: https://www.reddit.com/r/seedboxes/comments/7iwws1/last_night_i_paid_12_bitcoin_fee_on_a_60_euro/ it seemed like the general consensus was that BTC has really high fees and that it doesn't have a future because of it. I've heard people say that even people who use Bitcoin to purchase actual things knows it doesn't have a future. I've seen people over at r/CryptoCurrency say the last couple of days that it's only value is name recognition. Thoughts?
I hardly ever hear any criticism for BCH, but I hear a lot to BTC: https://gyazo.com/2f39047f6815287a22ec4c2a0b43de19

Let's hear some criticism for BCH
Have y’all heard about bitcoin white?
I’ve been seeing a lot of talk about the lightning network, and I’m not fully sure as to what it does. Does anyone have a link that explains it to a noob like me?

Also, I know at least I want to support it, because it’s important to the growth of bitcoin. How would I do that?
https://tr.surveymonkey.com/r/MRTP2BP
[deleted]
[removed]
Calling $9000 within a month.
News just in: Leprechauns in Ireland pots of gold are empty they all traded it for bitcoin moving the price up to new ATH. 
[removed]
And Iiiiiiii would never

Lose my faith in you

Hoooowww.... Will I ever


Get to heaven, if I do?
Bcash rented shills' propaganda everywhere and upvoted like crazy, this time this sub is really unusable, are all the mods on holidays ?
370747 km* till we hit the Moon!

1BTC = 13653USD
Distance from the Earth to the Moon is 384400 km*. We use current bitcoin price as km so its now 13653 km* away from the Earth and 370747 km* till it hit the Moon. BitCoin is currently on its 4% way of total Moon distance.
*Kilometers 

https://tothemoon.wtflab.pw/
[removed]
