Daily Discussion, April 08, 2018
This is going to become a huge day, whoever is trying to keep Bitcoin down is losing the battle fast. At some point the shorts are going to be forced to cover. 
We're all waiting for the dumps after the last few days pumps. Haha.

Although it does at least seem that price has stabilized. Maybe soon we will rise again! :) 
Lets break 7500 boys im in even more! This is my last fiat though.. before my wife notices
Watch out for https://twitter.com/Protafield verified Twitter scammer impersonating Bitfinex.
PSA: beware the dangers of margin trading and phenibut.
I don't know ow what the fuck I was thinking...
Gdax volume lmao
[Bitcoin YTD](https://giphy.com/gifs/step-1hc1q42AkRSiQ)
If we could get volume to 20,000 today on GDAX and we move in an upward direction I will be happy.
Groundhog Day!
trading voulume so low today bitfinex 29k and gdax 8.5K only, this is why bulls are not taking any risk
I was wondering how different receive address is generated for same wallet every time!! As far as I know it is generated by hashing public key, how can 1 public key generate multiple addresses?!!! 
Hi I was wondering about buying 1000 USD worth if Bitcoin soon. Is now a good time, or should I wait? 
Are the sellers drying up?
PUMP PUMP THE JAM, PUMP IT UP
First, if reports are to be believed, legendary investor George Soros was found to be investing in cryptocurrency. Now, Venrock, a 3 billion USD venture capital firm owned by storied American family, the Rockefellers, have taken to crypto. 
BUY!!!  

It is the only way to save the babies.
seems buy vs sell war going ...too much sell pressure but at a same time demand of btc for discount buying force also high   
I have rarely seen such low volumes on coinbase in last 4 months. Its onlt 6500 bitcoin in last 24 hours. Its usually 12-13k when market is down and over 20k when its moving fast. Any reason for this low volume?
Pump it up!
[deleted]
I feel like if we offer a sacrifice to the sacred whales, they may become pleased with us and pump the price.
[deleted]
If we can go up $150 a day I will be a very happy man. 
The new owner of @Bitcoin is as mysterious and elusive as Satoshi himself.

That account is a complete shit-storm fuck up right now - what a laugh!

https://twitter.com/Bitcoin/status/982987272722186240
7000 Bitcoin sell wall on Bitfinex 
*yawn*
Bitcoin, I Love You too
is anyone worried that there are so few bitcoin transactions compared to the last part of 2017?
Looking a bit bare on here, so it's got to be said:
hmm reading some calls for double bottom being confirmed, possible end of bear market, we'll see
[deleted]
I think we might be about to see the first short squeeze in Bitcoins history.... I would love to see it happen in this markets on low volume. 
I want to believe, but the whole movement during the last couple of days looks very suspicious :/

[deleted]
So Rockefeller's and Soros's fund Venrock is dabbing its toes in crypto with CoinFund. Big killers finally turning around?
[deleted]
I think we're through, low volume and all, will see 7500 today...

See what the Asians do this morning. They're all going to wake up and see the long term trend line broken. 
**Hi!, my name is Bob,... and I'm a HODLoholic**
TIL "éclair" means "lightning" in French. 
Bastard is at it again, don't fall for his tricks, take out a fraction of his orders and he will cancel...!!

My question is, why would someone who owns 6000 BTC be trying to suppress the price ? 
6,800 then we're off to 8k
May as well get used to it folks. Just about everything is sideways, and possibly worse until trade war fears are settled; and the tariff's don't even start until early October. May as well lock it down in that h/w wallet; or turn into cash to earn interest on your own money. Wouldn't that be a hoot - exchanges struggle to break even. Might not be a bad thing, and to forget it for a while and enjoy the summer.
Someone is desperately trying to force the market down and it's not working, sell side on Bitfinex just showed 8000 BTC on offer, normal for the range be 1500 to 2000. 

It gained $10 anyway and all the orders disappeared. So expect short covering soon. 
Stay alert and attention please, MrManHimself almost finished his/her morning coffee. 
Seems that on the 1 Hr. chart someone has been gradually pumping this up by making huge buys.  Looks like slow-and-steady approach.  See if the price "sticks" and then hit it again like 12 hours later.  Of course hovering just inside of 7K they are going to have to fight if they want to keep it now.
PLEASE ITS FOR HW, does anyone have the “is this the top?” Meme? Where a stick figure thinks he has reached the top only to figure out there’s a lot more to go? 
Does anyone know if there is any kind of tracker for lightning network transactions?
these dildos ain't big enough!!
seriously fck this guy, can some big whales rekt him
I'm looking for a Bitcoin broker with a good trading interface. 90% of the current brokers are just websites with order forms. I like Bitfinex as a trading platform, but I'm getting a bit worried about them. News seems very negative around them. 

Any suggestions ? 
？

Hey whales how about pumping BTC to an ATH again so we can all pull out of this shitstorm. 
If we hold onto 7k through Sunday, we might have a chance to 7.5k.  If we fall back to 6.5k before the end of day, it will be another week climbing back to 7k. 
This looks like the turnaround point. We can only hope. 
Looks like the Bitcoin twitter is back and unsuspended again but now restricted. Anyone know wtf is going on?
[Bitcoin, I Love You](https://youtu.be/QPkR6FGY6zw)
TIL the existence of the public key, and also that can be used to receive only address.

Also how public key help you to avoid that your coins being stolen.
The EMA 1600 on the 1m chart has been a real support in the last 2 days. Everytime (3x) the price crashed below or near that, it bounced very quickly.

Now it's the 4th crash below it. Let's hope it will bounce just as quickly.

https://imgur.com/a/pkaCV
Trading volumes were so low today. This is really bad news. Even if we go down further and smart money enters again around 4-5k$ would it be enough to brake ceiling? We will see. Now is time to turn off crypto alerts pretty sure nothing will happen in upcoming days.
Groundhog week anybody? We’re exactly where we were a week ago. Bitcoin has been very slow... volume has been diminished. People are still optimistic despite the market cap being below the Feb. 05 low. We still have no clue what the bottom is. Everyone thought it was $8K after its crash in February. The whales can still push it down for a lower bottom. There is tremendous resistance around $6.5K. But, what is behind that resistance? Is it the whales...is it the buying and selling trade war? I was expecting Bitcoin to be $5.5K. Perhaps I am right but it’s just being delayed. Eventually, if there isn’t any bullish action, people especially the whales will get tired of investing and move their money to traditional investments like stocks, bonds, physical commodities. I really dread a $6K-$10K movement for the rest of the year. Bitcoin today is like the hot chick who got some terrible plastic surgery.
seems like bullmarket started 
I don't believe in TA but this guy has been uploading Bitcoin analysis like twice a day on youtube and hes actually been pretty accurate 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJ5QfSc4SSA
Saw a McClaren P1 yesterday with a license plate that said "BT COINS".  Not hating on people who cashed out but there was something super douchey about the guy.  He just LOOKED douchey.  Had a face you just wanted to punch.  Forget the car and the license plate as extra douchness...but his face was the trifecta.  That's all.
Could be a bluff, but I recently saw 6893 bitcoin on the sell side of Bitfinex. Even if it is mainly shorts, it is possible that bulls might have to retreat a bit to a lower price point. I could be wrong, both sides tend to bluff, I would just be extra careful out there.
See you all at 5000 monday morn.
SAVE THE BABIES!!!
Pretty entertaining analysis of BTC here I wanted to share

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58adTtYb1JI
Whales how much should we given? We want to see some action, not this 6,5 /7k stagnation. Use the funds you've already swindled us.
Am i the only one who sees a classic edge transition ringing pattern in the price?

You know, the one where an electric signal sharply changes from one level to another.
[removed]
SELL!!!
at some point in the future we will need to increase the block size why not now?

[removed]
[deleted]
