Daily Discussion, March 27, 2018
Have you tried turning it off and back on again?

This morning Whale Panda tweeted "Lightning Network node count has exceeded Bcash node count. In addition 70%+ of the BCash nodes are hosted on a "Hangzhou Alibaba" servers which you can check here: https://bitnodes.earn.com/nodes/?page=6&q=Bitcoin%20ABC:0.16.1 … https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/87gvbd/psa_lightning_network_node_count_has_exceeded/ …
I think we should all just see this as Bitcoin's fair price at the moment. Sure it's good if it moons but if we'll just hurt and exhaust ourselves if we keep placing our expectations on Bitcoin everyday. Just believe in the tech.
I think part of the problem with peoples opinions here is applying logic of other markets to one that almost no one understands.

I heard it put well by someone the other day that it is extremely rare if not unheard of that a ‘new’ technology is made so publicly available for investment. 

If you take the average tech start up for comparison the chance to invest is normally reserved for the likes of business angels and venture capitalist not Joe public. 

All of a sudden you get a bunch of people, including me thinking that things look good or bad with no real experience in how ‘things like this’ really work in the long term or where we truely we in terms of the cycle 
"Don't worry, we'll hit 9000 by the end of the day, pushed down so much it will bounce back with double the volume. I'm always right." - u/goldbergger 3 hours ago
The chart looks like a ball bouncing downstairs.
GDAX action has been the same for weeks now. All these bot walls of around 30 btc showing up on one side and other walls dissappearing with the price then moving a bit and then some other walls pop up. It all looks so fabricated. Honestly I'm losing faith that we"ll recover from this. Have been in since 2014 but am thinking about selling. I guess we must be close to a bottom then I hope.
Some of us live in countries where we are not allowed to trade forex without a license and cant have or trade gold without a license. For us BTC is gold.
Who's winning here? Is it the bears struggling to break down or the bulls struggling to break up? 
i'm not bullish nor bearish until a clear trend has taken place on the charts, but the suspense is killing me. Whichever it goes, I bet it's going to be extreme as  opposite positions get liquidated.
I am considering leaving this forum. Some of you know what you’re talking about. Most of you react on some false idea that you think or want to think is the truth. DON’T BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU THINK!
We have hit the pivot of 7.8K which I have been highlighting for days now.

If this is the end of wave 2 (correction), then wave 3 should be starting :) - going up....

I have bought in at this point, wish me good luck :)


screw it, all in
Can we have a breakout day today or what
I miss that 12345abcdwhatever guy and his utterly wrong predictions. Yesterday he mistook a 300$ pump and dump for a rally to 9k [followed by a crash to 4k, of course]. What will he have in store for us today?
we must be getting close to the scared shitless i use to be a genius now idiot holding bags stage.  that's about where my head is at.  
I think most of you have never studied the stock market. You would realize that doubling your money every 5 to 10 years is normal. You have to see the long term. If you buy bitcoin at 10K and it's 20K in 5 years, that's on par with stock market. The fact that it's volatile gives you a chance to make more than double your money.
Onwards and upwards
What is the best exchange to sell my bitcoin on?
And we're dropping. HODL ME.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Love those threats, at least I know I am not the only one glued to the screen day after day
Haters gonna hate. 
we had that sidewards trend at 8.5k as well for almost 2 days, followed by a 600$ drop. lets hope the best, it wont happen again
The star dojis on the one hour chart would suggest we are going to see a breakout to the upside, but I don't know shit about shit, so don't take my word for it.

After 3 months, got approved for Gemini Trust. 

Is this a wallet? I am a little confused how this works. Can anyone ELI5?
[deleted]
If you look at 1 week chart and 30 day chart its still a downtrend,.......will get bounces but still trending down
where is the faith guys?

I am sure we love BTC more than these little dips. Don't prove to the world that it is all speculation and gambling for profits....

Show some love...
Perhaps the narrow price range is a good thing? 
And down we goo
AAAARRGHHHH................

Bitjoke :-)

I heard cme futures are ending tommorrow. Where can I check future dates when do futures end next month and other times?
GDAX do not need us, the bots trade among themselves very enthusiastically. 
Starting to believe the slow burn to 1k levels meme.

The rich get richer, the general public gets taken advantage of with a select few that got lucky.

edit: don't think for a second people with a lot of power and a lot of stake aren't collaborating right now to either take this market out or let it live again. this could very well be one of the biggest transfers of wealth in human history to the already elite
Yeah, I've been watching post after post about going to 9000 "by EOD today".  Where are all you prophets now? Looks like it's still at 8000 to me. Just give it up, please!!!
A lot of people have sorted out their tax affairs so really 2018 starts more or less now.  Happy 2018 everyone. 
I am bored its not going up
It is officially time to buy and HODL to victory?
Can anyone ELI5 _WHY_ bitcoin is worth investing in?

• Assume everything is (eventually) tracked and regulated by the banking laws, there is no benefit because whatever you purchase, legal or not (legal in my case) is still traced.

• The coin's value is merely going up or down on reputation, and not on any value. It's strictly buying because it's the hot thing. It has no real intrinsic value or cost.

• If the stock market goes down, people will sell BTC, and thus BTC will ALSO go down and crash, so really, it's no different. The idea it will survive the crash is complete nonsense. 

• If all currencies around the globe are based on the Dollar and Libor and Interest, having another currency also based on the dollar does no real benefit. 

Maybe I am confused, so could someone tell me the point of Bitcoin?
Volatility has contracted over the last few weeks. Big move coming soon.
Now the time to start a new hobby.... I’m going to start collecting beanie babies to pass time....
Jameson Lopp just tweeted "These relatively quiet periods are the best, in my opinion. Haters are happy because they think Bitcoin is dead / dying. Builders are happy because there are fewer distractions. Traders are bored to tears. Trolls are grasping at straws trying to retain attention."
time to see red candle now, first they put the money in then after taking profit just dump it
where did turdburger go? 
Hodl and lets close our trading and come back after the easter weekend perhaps the whales will get bored and loose interest.
We're in a bear market right now and it looks like a continuation since december. What low price do you think we're heading to right now before we get a decent bounce?
Or aren't we going to see >$9k anytime soon anymore ? :(
Come on 100k!!!
Thought you guys would get a kick out of this
Can’t post pics so I’ll iust post the transcript of some internet advice a cyptogenuis gave a potential investor in Dec.2017

Qura forum user : “ should I invest into bitcoin?” 

Bitcoin Expert/Guro extraordinaire : “  You’ll have to be patient and wait for the price to rise, this is most likely to happen in Feb to Mar 2018. If you buy bitcoin now you could double it in the next three months! Some experts believe it will be double by February 2018!” 

Well guys just thought you all could use a good laugh considering the current market. Take it easy fam, Moon Moon Moon! .....hopefully
Is it time for the bull run? 😏
Thinking about buying in the next couple hours. Thoughts? 
I use to think the most exciting thing in the word was making love to my wife
then I use yo think making love to some one else wife was the most exciting thing in the world
now I am thinking when Bitcoin starts up again on the up and up like when I first brought it early last year
that will be the most exciting thing in the world
i brought 50 G worth and before I new it I was up 200G +
what a pain opening all those accounts to start buying
and felling cheated by most of them
There is life changing amounts of money to be made from BTC and it will be moving up and up and you all be richer
I will be patiently waiting until it hits 6k to buy. 
Draw a straight line from 1 Jan till now and it's over all going down. I'm out soon if it doesn't drop back to 6K within a week. At least could hope for an uptrend. This is frustrating.
A 3 or 4 day run to over $12k would restore a lot of faith. 
I see a lot of naive people here. I know it’s important to avoid FUD, but saying things like “We’re still up from last year” is just not wise. There has been a serious amount of damage done to the market. If you look at the all-time chart, the rise and crash we are experiencing looks a lot like what happened at the end of 2013. The only difference is that the peak was way higher this time.

I have no doubt that BTC will be worth a fortune in the long-run, but that does not mean we will not endure another major bear market before then. 

Hopefully there’s another bounce that fires us back up and maintains it’s momentum. I’d love to see that. However, BTC is not your friend. It does not owe you anything. There is absolutely no reason that the market could not callapse temporarily as it has before. 

I’m just waiting for the people who HODL all the way down and then claim “Guys it’s still up since 2011?”
moment of silence for the wizards that bought the initial dip from 19k - 13.5k 

rest in piece you magnificent queens   
Boiling frogs, who are being conditioned and accepting of losing money slowly in hopes of returns.  Thats why i say, as this goes down, take advantage of the ups and downs to trade for profit.  Majority of ppl invested are already at a loss, no point in holding anymore.
CryptoNinjas reports:  HIVE Blockchain acquires Norway company to build new mining center
Monday, March 26, 2018
HIVE Blockchain acquires Norway company to build new mining center
HIVE owns state-of-the-art GPU-based digital currency mining facilities in Iceland and Sweden, and now eyes Norway.
HIVE Blockchain Technologies and Kolos Norway AS today announce that they have entered into a series of agreements pursuant to which HIVE has agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Kolos through the acquisition of another Norwegian entity for total consideration of approximately US $9.9 million, 4,750,000 common shares and 1,250,000 warrants.

“This is another major milestone in our continuing global expansion as a leading blockchain and cryptocurrency infrastructure company,” said Harry Pokrandt, CEO and Director of HIVE. “Kolos will be a flagship data centre project for HIVE for years to come and has the potential to expand to more than 1.0 GW or 1,000 MW, of green hydroelectricity consumption dedicated to blockchain infrastructure.”

“For context, our advanced mining operations in Iceland and Sweden will collectively represent 44.2 MW of consumption – also from green sources. This acquisition provides HIVE with significant flexibility for long-term growth. Our vision is to scale the project in phases to be among the largest and most energy-efficient data centres in the world. We continue to explore non-dilutive financing alternatives to commence the build-out as soon as possible.”
Up, men, up.  Finally back above 8,000.  And a lot of backchannel talk about the desire for a uniform one-Africa currency.  That continent will soon have a smart phone in every household.  If Blockstream or one of the other projects could satellite feed bitcoin transactions continent wide with zero transaction costs we could be that currency whether the governments want us or not.
This very bearish TA was just posted. I don't agree with it, but he has so many followers (more than 35.000) that I think we will see a huge drop in price just about now...

https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/nlEDiRKm-RAW-AND-NASTY-BEAR-MAGIC-IS-BACK-BITCOIN-BTC/

Edit: I guess he is less of an influencer than I though. Just a small bump. Good.
What do you suppose is the purpose of the price wall of **280 BTC** for sale at $7,850.00 on GDAX and Bitfinex right now?
Alright, so what's today going to bring. We going closer to 250bil or 350bil. decisions decisions
With all this talk of faith, Bitcoin is sounding more and more like a religion.
There are still too many scarred by the crash without mass exuberance to counteract it. Until we are free from the"BULL MARKET COMING" messages and until despair and hopelessness saturates the market, we will not see any definitive upwards momentum. We need a clean wipe of any non true hodlers. Determining what price that is is the hard part. Hodlers who choose their cost average prices wisely with small % strikes at these buy in points are the real winners. If you have no capital on the sideline then you will no longer be a true hodler if you keep checking the price... you will wilt. I will make money and I will be rich because I choose to and I will not give in to emotion and I will buy a little here and little if/when it goes lower. The choice is yours. 
So what will today bring? There's no bad news, the Twitter ban of ICOs seems unlikely to affect crypto market confidence. Even the stock markets seem to have rallied. I'm guessing more probable things will go up but who knows!
umm. When does the second surge on Crypto starts? 
Can anyone help me here? I want to margin trade(gamble) don't care about the risks. What's the best/safest exchange to do it? I would like to trade against USD not another altcoin. And can I use my current btc holdings as leverage to buy? Or can I only loan btc against btc and USD against USD. 

Any help is appreciated guys :)
[deleted]
Bulls never buy in resistance because it didn't give the price bounce and loose due to retailers 
What happens to your money if Coinbase gets hacked? Could you in theory lose your bitcoins? Are they insured like the FDIC?
Investment is all about analysis and actions. One may check out https://coinfan.net/bitcoinanalysis/ to have a thorough analysis and even know when BTC might cross $50k !
how low are we going down today? 
Who keeps buying these tiny pumps?
finally the hardest thing in all this is to see his wallet go down, an increase of 1000 $ will restore faith ... go ...
During the bull run in December 2017, we probably got tons of new people in Bitcoin,, TX fee got really high for a while, do you think this gave them a bad image of Bitcoin?     
" I just bought 0.04 BTC on coinbase, sent them to my wallet. What ? Only received 0.02?     
Wtf ? Sending to my wallet cost me half of my Bitcoin worth $xx. What is this useless thing ? "    
Isn't that probably some of the new people coming thought ?      
Given the volatility of cryptocurrency in general, is it worthwhile to try using options during trading? Particularly, the long straddle or long strangle would imo be ideal to profit during large increases and large decreases. Note that this way you wouldn't have to actually "own" the cryptocurrency. 
I really just want 1 day. 1 that’s like yes !  Bullish babay!!  But it uh hasn’t been that way for weeks 
Is this the big dip? I have a lot of tether I'm holding. So many of my coins are just taking poops. 
Sold at 7820 and watching this continuing going down. This time its at least 7300 in my opinion.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPnOEiehONQ
[seems about right](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIbXvaE39wM)
[removed]
Bitcoin...known as the internet money worlwide !
Wouldn't we all like to see bitcoin up so we can buy some teslas?
I hate the way GDAX draws candles now. It favors ajusting the scale to smaller units so it can draw bigger candles. I feel this will only make people FOMO over nothing when it looks like it's mooning based on candles, but in reality it just went up $100.
If the low of 27-MAR holds (or 7600 on Bitfinex), there is potential for an Easter rally towards approx 9500.

However, only an April's fool would believe in a continued rally much beyond: https://i.imgur.com/sbQ0R4b.png  
____

https://redd.it/842ssd
Maybe I missed it, when Lambo?
[deleted]
6pm in China. They get off, east coast will wake up soon, let's see if they like to take a dump on the morning
bullish breakout to 8.5 and 9k by thursday please. thanks
im scared, probably got a job by April 1st, can you keep this price bitcoin please?. at least some months.
This is my current high level technical analysis of the situation.

There is huge amounts of resistance above...  

The $5873 low will be retested if the March low is broken in April.  Price target of $4657 for the bottom, breach of $12K to upside would make new highs possible.  

https://imgur.com/a/Yxdxh


Omg this is so awesome. Death cross looming. Load up hodlers. This is where the fucking money is made. 
First...yeah.
[deleted]
Yeah glad I took my small loss at 8600. Shouldn't have even tried to fight the trend/catch a falling knife smh.

Definitely better places to make money
Pump. Dump. Repeat. 
I dont understand why people keep buying these tiny dips. Save your money so it can fall further and we can look for the bull run we need.
all this is signed MTGOX, full of letters M on the graphics?
open your eyes ;-)  ..
Got the coinbase glitch where it says I’ve had an issue with a recent purchase and I owe them $0.00. 
Long live the dip🍻
This could go on for months yet.
Can lightning in theory utilize Shnorr in future so a bunch of lightning closures can go through with single bitcoin transaction?
Someone told me Kraken Exchange is under Investigation, can someone confirm plz?
Last chance to get Bitcoin under $8k 
bitcoin is finished
We could see a bull run up to 9000 again in the position were in, but we still need to break through that to change things up. Bought in but still holding on some cash just in case this goes south.
when altcoin moon
[deleted]
Next 3,4 days are very important BTC will shoot like a volcano
[deleted]
We're so fucked. 

https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/6GuxadAx-Manipulated-Dump/

Everything the above alleged insider said has been coming true. Slow dump that has not recovered since his final point on Jan 15th.
The next step for an hard pump is devellop applications for bitcoin. 
People now doesnt give a shit about low fees, anonymous or velocity. Those enhancement could be the next step for futur society applications but dont expect price pumping cause nodes creation or low fees...
Bears are still active, resistance is helping them to dump it easily with red candle
[deleted]
How low will we see it go by this weekend? 
Can people stop buying already, were not going any higher
doesn't matter if we go up or down, but we need to go somewhere. This moving sideways trend is killing volume since all we seem to be doing is slowly bleeding out.
Everyone trying to get in and think its going to 9K, reality is its not going to 9k, Resistance level is so high Bulls are not mad to take risk of huge loss, better to wait for a dip at 7450, because Japanese morning  is about to start in couple of hours they normally start with sell order as its bearish cycle not bullish 
This is not FUD. Bitcoin must fall. The global market cap is close to what it was mid 2017, and BTC was barely 3k. The actual price of BTC is not natural right now, and the only people supporting it now are the same people who are dumping it on you when you think its "recovering". The market will be back to what it was ONLY if BTC goes down.
CBOE has asked SEC if Bitcoin ETF's can start. This is more dilution in Bitcoin arena and will drag price of underlying asset down to US$6000.
So we're 3 months into the year, and if you've hedl this entire time, you've lost money.. I've made more far more money on my NFLX stock. BTC doesn't seem like the best investment right now. Hopefully long term, it'll pay off. 
Let me preface this by saying I'm not a conspiracy theorist, I have a bullish view on Bitcoin. So just to spur some discussion...What if China is deliberately driving down the price of Bitcoin as a retaliation to the tariffs? Their miners have a large presence, they may have gotten orders to keep the price down short term to hurt the US miners. 
This market is complete and utter garbage. Is there actually any reason anyone would bother investing in BTC unless they are day trading? This is a total joke. 
[deleted]
buy bots are working now. BTC may face one last dip for the current downtrend before bursting high
Still in Tether. Let´s ride this down
if thousands of people move in to sell / trade
every time there is a move up wards is that like biting the hand that feed you
then cry when the market is not moving up or going down
North Korea send me an atomic splash, I want to boom this crypto scam.
I'm hoping for 1k! It goes down 1k a week it seems like so we got 6 more weeks to go! I'm holding what I have too and I'm super happy people are selling 
Bitcoin would be an attractive price is it dropped by another 1k
LOWERRRRRRRRR
U.S morning starting with sell orders
TIL that the value of a coin is determined by the cost of production of that coin. If you have:

- coin A, cost of production of 1 hour by human worker
- coin B, cost of production of 2 hour by human worker

B coin always have more value than A coin.
[removed]
