Daily Discussion, March 03, 2018
I'm semi concerned about the guy who said he'd eat his own dick if it hit 11k two days ago. He's usually a frequent poster, haven't seen him at all since. Either he's hiding for fear we will hodl him to his bet, or he did it and he bled out.... 
Love the smell of fresh green grass.
at this rate its gonna hit 11.7k. Then the real fun starts.
I like moon 
My TA is.....lambos 
Slow and steady wins the race :) 
I just recently started investing in BTC through the Square Cash app. Since I am new and I don't know a lot, I have a few questions...

1) the cash app takes around 1.5% (I believe, correct me if I'm wrong) from your BTC when you sell. Do other apps do that too?

2) If other apps do that as well, is there a certain one that takes a lesser percentage out?
[deleted]
It gets intresting when we hit 12k. If we hit 12k I will send 100 spartans to support the frontline hope this will penetrate the 12k border. If these 100 spartans are not enough I will shoot one big massive green dildo right through the 12k border. This will instant penetrate this 12k border.
Yesterday on GDAX, bitcoin was in 'The Battle For Eleven Three'. Today, it's 'The Battle For Eleven Five'. Forward, troops! 
If 12k falls the fomo will be so strong
roger ver vs. roger federer . who would win 
We've created a monster.
**Pink Floyd - Brain Damage / Eclipse**

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVQ3-Xe_suY
Out of curiosity, what would be the reasoning behind the 11500 sell wall on GDAX (USD)? Would the sellers be wanting to keep the price down until the banks open again on Monday and the cash comes back into the market again? Or is it just a trigger for another big dip? I've no idea, but figured you guys could shed some light on it for me :)
looks like someone turn on the damn sell bot on gdax-
[deleted]
BTC % of crypto market cap (CMC) = 41.7 %

If CMC = $1 trillion, CMCb = $417 billion (assuming constant % of CMC)

$417 billion / 17 million BTC mined

BTC = $24,500
Didn't Coinbase say they would add Segwit this week? Doesn't look like they have done so yet.

https://bitcoincore.org/en/segwit_adoption/
Guys when should I buy bitcoin, now or wait for a dip?
That 11.5K wall must suffer more than Jarl Borg did.
A few more hours until Asia enters this battle. Hopefully, it will be fun! 
I'm proud of you little BTC, continue like that, we know it's just the beginning.
it appears we've hit the eleven five wall again. 3:24pm eastern price just dropped almost $130, was there a big dump?
Welp. That was a giant red dildo just now.
I found the guy with the price wall sitting at $11,500: https://i.redd.it/8y756lccwmj01.gif
Daily waiting-for-robinhood-crypto post: 1,452,690 users in line... California resident.
Gonna hit 12k then plummet, like it always does.  Giving everyone a chance to get rich.
That is....if you got the money to get rich.
Where's all the TA experts from a couple of weeks ago that were predicting bitcoin was crashing to $3k??  They've gone awfully quiet. 
[deleted]
I feel like I'm watching two planets collide.
BTC wash trading is amazing.
I love to watch as the fire burns
CryptoDads are out in force today.

https://twitter.com/giancarlocftc/status/969605376982372353?s=21

The head of the Bank of England calls for an end to the anarchy in the markets of crypto-currency

Mark Carney said that "it's time to bring the ecosystem of crypto assets into compliance with the standards that the entire financial system is subject to."

Carney, who also heads the Financial Stability Board, joined the chorus of supporters of strengthening supervision over this market after the explosive emergence of new digital currencies that created over $ 438 billion of paper capitalization for the period from March 2, 2017. Also the comment of the head of the Central Bank is made with an eye on the "roller coaster" of the bitcoin course, which in the beginning of the year fell by half after take-off to record highs near $ 20 thousand in December.

Carney pointed to "extreme volatility," which, he says, indicates that there is no intrinsic value or external support. According to his calculations, the average volatility of the largest 10 virtual coins by market capitalization was more than 25 times higher than the average volatility of American stocks in 2017.

In his speech, the head of the Bank of England voiced the potentially useful properties of blockade technology, which underlies bitcoin, but noted that digital currencies in themselves failed the task of winning the status of real money. At the same time, he denied the idea of ​​creating his own digital currency by the Central Bank in the near future.
Where is the weekend dip?
Looks like we are heading slowly to $12k
😂 https://imgur.com/a/vxecX
The big crash scared away most of the noobs and new money. Will be awhile before we gain new money. Damn whales, see what you did ha
Just loaded Coin Market Cap. BTC's price chart is looking like an epiliptical or a check mark symbol √

Moon?
I think ppl are running out of gas
Time to take the money and run for this week.  Restart on Monday!
I can't wait to see how the chart is going to look when I wake up tomorrow... The wedge we're moving in is getting razor thin, and we're also almost at the edge of the downward channel from 20k. We either break through and shoot up very soon... or not this time yet.

Hm. An upswing to 11.5k then a dip perhaps? Final dip before retesting 11.8k.
Gdax refusing to go over 11400, every other exchange seems to have made it though
What is the point of a huge buy and sell wall with a 1 cent difference? Cause sometimes on gdax this situation occurs. Is it by the same person or what is the purpose of these? I get the single walls (buy or sell wall) but I dont understand why would someone do this. 
buy now or next week ? 
need to be a verified account to deposit or witdraw btc on kucoin?
This might be a stupid question but what are confirmations no. when I receive btc in electrum.
Still boring ..... back to other hobbies.
6h chart looks way too green, so the rest do. we gonna retest the 11k again, from there we will go to 12k 
I have 10$. Should I invest now or wait?
[deleted]
how come segwit wallet gives different receiving address every time? is that normal?
What even is this chart? An hour ago it hits this price and everyone wants to sell and the price dips $250. Now they all want to buy at this price. This is extremely illogical speculation
Is it a time to buy some more, or just hold and wait for the price to decrease to buy some more?
get the tether ready boiz btc is about to go on sale again!!
Everyone getting out of stocks due to fear of trade wars and sailing to safe haven bitcoin.
Remember only 21mio will ever exists, -ever.
is btc about to dump??
Are we seeing a sunday sell off right now?
Fed up of reading RSI analyzes, need some action towards upside.
So it looks like we need to get into double digit billion daily volume to reach the previous $17k-$20k highs.What will it take for this to happen again? Confidence in Bitcoin i guess.

