Daily Discussion, February 28, 2018
You guys it DUMPED FROM 10,800 when I woke up to 10,400, and now it’s PUMPING back to 10,550!?  

This is you. This is what you all sound like. Neither of those things are a pump or a dump or anything else interesting. 

We’ve gone from 20k to a true dump down to 6k and we’ve steadily been climbing back up. That’s not a pump. Dropping a few hundred dollars before rebounding is not a dump. 

Just here to remind everyone to stay calm, hodl, and not listen to any of the retardation on this daily thread. Every single day it’s different people making the same dramatic pronouncements that THEY FIGURED IT OUT. They didn’t. No one has. No one knows what will happen. It may dump today. I don’t know. But I know that no one can predict it. 
been checking on coinmarketcap and the price seems to be far off what's displaying on kraken or coinbase
at least Germany gets it!!!! A step in the right direction!!
https://www.coindesk.com/germany-considers-crypto-legal-equivalent-to-fiat-for-tax-purposes/
daily discussion- I can’t quit you.
There should be a run up past 11k prior to the fork.  Not sure what will happen afterwards but if history dictates itself, there might be a selloff back to the alt-coins from where they came.  
where moon
Not directly bitcoin related, but I think all long-term BTC holders can appreciate this sentiment I found from a post on the frontpage.

Thank you /u/tallerThanYouAre

re: simple rules to (financial) success

> 1 - do not set your goals on what you don't have, set your goals on being satisfied with what you do have 2 - when you don't have money, add time: you only use credit because you must have that tv now. If you save for a year, you can avoid the interest, but it for less, and own it outright 3 - avoid debt whenever you can, and when you must use it, only use it on investments that will increase or retain their value. School loans suck, but eventually they should increase your earning potential, mortgages should get you rent savings and an appreciating asset, buying a dress with a credit card is stupid 4 - spend less than you earn. If you don't earn enough, adjust your lifestyle while you find a better job. You're allowed to suffer 5 - suffering intentionally for a better life in the future is not suffering, it's investing time, congratulate yourself 6 - dropping a 20% credit card with a balance of $1000 is the same to your bottom line, mathematically, as a guaranteed 20% $1000 bond that pays $200 per year 7 - perfect is the enemy of the good, now is the shackles of poverty. If you can delay, delay. Money buys more tomorrow than today, savings empower and encourage, manufactured goods go on clearance every year
> 
> Satisfaction should be your definition of success, not "more."

We have at least a month or two of consolidation/ accumulation.  If you want to buy, this is the chance anytime it goes below 10k
Bitcoin has no price support as it's manipulated incredibly easy by whales. It only experiences resistance. 
the coin price of bitcoin seems to have found support at these levels. IMO we're looking good (price wise) for March 
Stupid 10.5K step, Y U NO get out of the way 
The saltiness about "missing" bitcoin is so funny
It's all over! Sell it all! Bitcoin is finished! End it all!
i miss moon

lol why does this shit always happen to me
everyone in this discussion thread seems to be bearish now. What happened? 
I was told there would be breakouts....
Has anyone tried moving btc from coinbase to another wallet today? How long has it taken?
Long red candlesticks going upwards are never a good sign.
Google trends at 90 day low for buy Bitcoin and Bitcoin. 
whales trying hard to crash price, must be heavy in shorts
Anybody else experiencing frozen bitcoin transfers? From gdax
Its going to go generally up a bit, then it will feel flat, then WHOOOSH IT IS GOING UP A LOT. 

Then! THen it's going to crash! CRASH! OUCH!

Then it will go up a bit! slowly! Or else it will go up quickly, or maybe down! At some rate!

I know this! I know NOTHING! I use Head and Shoulders to shampoo my hair! I have no dandruff! 

spaghetti!
Hoping for 40%+ Dominance soon. Then We'll see the Moon.
[deleted]
Dayumn, whenever Bitcoin dips its like watching a referee get up after getting knocked down in a wrestling match, takes its time.
Ok where is that guy with brand new post about huge buy walls on GDAX. 'cmon where are you mate? You ok  Or you "moon"ing already :D?
To the wall, we trust in you little BTC.
wake me up when February ends
Wait, since when do we want the price to drop? Did I miss anything?
audentes Fortuna iuvat = Fortune favours the Bold.  
What do I need to do to get a flair? I see them all the time (account age, karma).
I think I just got an email saying my ledger nano S will be delivered to my address today, original expectations were early April. The email is in French, so maybe I am missing something. Did anyone else get a similar email?
great, why is there always FUD when I buy and when I don't buy there's no FUD
A bit offtopic but what's the best place to buy altcoins from within the US? Other than Binance..
What determines the price of bitcoin to decrease and increase ? 
Welps, looks like Bitcoin did it. 40% dominance. 39.2% last week had me wondering if we'd get some kind of bull run, but it hasn't happened yet.
lol this battle at 10458.25
New low for the day! Yay!
Stand by @ 10k now
Who's thinking we wake up to a 9 in front of the price? and who's thinking a 10?
I’m guessing the 10-11k dumpers are running out of coins. Rock on
By noon today, $11k is broken and beyond. I am a techy, charty geek who definitely knows their stuff. Mark my words, BTC over $11k by noon and $12k by tomorrow noon.
So, it was a bull trap :)
I just sold guys. Prepare for moon by noon 
It seems that Bitcoin is experiencing its last dump. I am proud of you people! You held out despite all of the fear, uncertainty and doubt. Let March madness begin!
**Bitcoin Brushes $11K as Bull Case Strengthens**

https://www.coindesk.com/bitcoin-brushes-11k-as-bull-case-strengthens/

View

-A rebound from the 50-hour MA and a break above $11,065 (intra-day high) could yield a rally to the 10-week MA of $11,366. A violation there would expose the inverse head-and-shoulders neckline resistance and the trendline resistance seen today around $11,675 and $11,825, respectively.

-A close today below the downward sloping 50-day MA of $10,512 would allow a re-test of the Feb. 25 low of $9,280.

-Meanwhile, a break below $9,280.4 would signal the corrective rally from the Feb. 6 lows below $6,000 has ended and would open up downside towards the $6,000 mark.

Will we ever see 11k again? 
I am out, way too choppy for my liking.
Does anyone see Amazon as a threat to crypto? What if they  create their own amazon coin to make purchases? I know its might be centralized, but why would an average joe care about decentralization? 
Will then bitcoin price keeps rising? Kinda worried...... yes, there are many positive news about it, but there are also some negative happenings.... any insights on bitcoin trend? 
Bitcoin prices have stood firm 10,000 US dollars, we better take the hands of the currency， DO NOT SELL YOUR COINS！
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnVp19WFXn0

In this video, i go through the next possible buy zone of Bitcoin and why is Technical Analysis not just random numbers.
Dont miss the next train friends.Good luck !
Looks like the market is finally getting privy to the fact that bitcoin can only rise on massive buys and subsequent fomos. Bitcoin's inability to rise organically suggests extreme desperation and manipulation which does not bode well for bitcoin at all. 
Break through the resistance please 
Good or bad day ahead? Lets see....
good 
I feel today we have far less activity overally than other days. At least in this discussion.
Volume is fine on GDAX, over 20,000 in the last 24 hours.

We need some positive action from America over the next 10 hours. 
To me it looks like it's always a good sign when cryptos react to dumps with *slow* growth in the hours following the dump. I think that as a rule of thumb we shouldn't even fear dumps at all, after all it's just profit taking. Probably what we should be *very* afraid of is the *slow and steady* decrease in price day by day because it would potentially mean a clear sign of market distrust. Thoughts?
It had a small dip due to Bill Gates FUD and will now continue up.
Does anyone know any websites where i can buy with a credit card? and what to buy? im new to this lmao 
Personally i stay in and hold i still trust in BTC even if it makes me tired to see it moves like that.In other way i clearly prefer down times now and regularly than never and suddenly having a big crash.Don't worry be happy.
[deleted]
I dont see how we could drop under the 10.3 support level looks too big? Same happend on 9.3 two days ago. We bounce a few times from it and then we continue up.
Don't you just love when sell walls get obliterated?
GCT!  
what does everyone use to watch the price? want something like tradingview.com but better
My bitcoin is trapped in carbon wallet :( min .004BTC transaction fees. Fuck that.
Here we go, look for a bit of a spike in about 2 hours then an upwards trend for about 3 days
Keep arms inside the roller coaster at all times.
I completely doubt this will go back up to 11k today and think it will just continue to go lower.
Even lower!
Stand by @10.3k
Elliot wave in the making - A B C just completed on the daily chart
If the stock market tanks, will Bitcoin go up? Or are they tied together? What has happened in the past?
lol so many bull traps
looks like its holding support for now
I wonder at what point does a hodler realise they spent tens of thousands making rich men richer and only recieved a *token of appreciation* in return...
So if I sell what I have at a higher price than what I bought it at over and over again I make profit? It constantly dips so I'd just buy at low and sell at high... am I doing this right? Lol sounds too easy
If bitcoin breaks 11k again today, I'll eat my own dick. That's how confident I am that it won't.
The current scenarios is this: Pump a bit.   Sell.   Wait for it to drop.  Buy.   Repeat.


That's how the money is being made right now, and that's how it will be for a while.   People hodling for some big take are clutching onto a fantasy.
The down trend line was broken upward but the price is going down where are those gurus who claim that after crossing the down trend line we will reach to 16k target
Let's go boy. All the way down.
[removed]
Pushing back down to 9k
Since I sold everything im totally fine with it dropping to like 1k lol
It seems to me that we're heading back to 8k.

Not a redditor for a day, been here in the shadows for a long time. 

[deleted]
Let's break some lolilol orange shit walls.
BTCP fork in one hour and nobody gives a shit
Seems legit? https://pyramid-coins.com/cold-storage-cards/
Guys, which is the best site to recive btc donations?

My team only needs 100 usd to create an animal refuge and we all think the best way to recive it is on btc, so which plataform is better?
13000 coinbase customer records have been handed over to the IRS.

Expect price drops.
@slardybartfast8
Do you remember from yesterday?
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/80lc3l/daily_discussion_february_27_2018/duwf9s5/
[removed]
Extreme crashing ahead
Dear All


Please save yourselves unnecessary anxiety by paying attention to my advice of yesterday: BTC will hit 12K before the start of April, and that is the highest it will go this year.   So, just stay calm and sell when you see 12K.  OK?


Your Friend

Chazz Ming
[removed]
