[Daily Discussion] Sunday, May 06, 2018 -- TITLE
#New post: [\[Daily Discussion\] Monday, May 07, 2018 →](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8hkslr/daily_discussion_monday_may_07_2018/)
We're about $100 away from closing above last week's wick. Bull momentum is clearly slowing, but we may be coiling up in a handle that will smash through 10k with stunning momentum.

If bears aren't able to push the price down from here it's because they're not trying. Bulls aren't putting up big buy walls and they're not making big buys. When bears do push down with volume it looks like Bulls are gobbling it up.

I expect weekly BBands to tighten significantly more when the new candle opens in 28 minutes.

I'm fairly confident we'll break out within the next 36 hours, but I wouldn't be surprised if it happens tonight.
I'm long on futs from 9850. 

Reasoning.... 9550 holding well and the sell volume that kicked us off 10k wasn't that strong imo. Hidden bullish divergence on hourly and bull div on LTF. Should be checking 9750 again. 

Also feels like a setup to squeeze shorts but we'll see. 


https://www.tradingview.com/x/kaFRy7iu/
Am planning for price action this week to be (1) highly sentiment/talking points driven and (2) massively volatile. 

Regardless of whether BTC hits 10k the run up to just under that price will have the yammer mouths on CNBC in overdrive. They’ll have plenty of guests on debating both sides. 

Should mention to the above point that each and every time guests will be ask “but what about Buffett’s comments” comparing crypto to rat poison. 

There is also the mass “consensus” event in NYC. First time the event will be held when crypto is actually achieving more mainstream interest (relatively speaking to years past). Expect the talking points from the event to cycle back to my original point CNBC of yammer mouths

Finally we have the SEC debating whether ETH and XRP should be categorised as securities. That’s on Monday but there no idea if the SEC will make any public comment on their discussions.  

Again, prepare for a very high profile yet volatile week ahead people. 
To get this out of the way, if you check my post history you can see I tried to do this last night but I guess it didn't get caught by the bot.

!short XBTUSD 9650 1X 66%

Not putting my stops there but it's around 9800/whenever ETH break back above 800.

That said, chart: https://www.tradingview.com/i/NdLt6yD6/

Okay so I have a few different things drawn on this chart. The largest formation is in light blue, and that's the ascending wedge type formation we broke down from. The size of it implies we may have some further downward movement; wedges suck performance wise, though, so not going to really consider it past that. It breaking down *was* the reason I sold though.

However, there's some other signs that could point to more down as well. For one, the break down of that wedge has formed a bear flag  (purple lines)  and is in the process of confirming the upper 9.5ks up to 9.65k (9.7k if you're being conservative) as horizontal resistance, which has confluence with a high volume node on VPVR. If this flag *does* break down its target would be right around 9.2k, an area that should be strong horizontal support (confirmed via a HVN).

Lastly, I want to talk about the RSI - the main part I'm watching is a hidden bullish divergence that will form with the local 8.85k low before this most recent runup. If you want to be less conservative, you could say it indeed already *has* formed. I'm being conservative here, maybe due to my position bias, but am more inclined to think a break down of the bear flag would form a more convincing hidden bull div around 9.2k (which would then have the current movement as just chop). That more convincing hidden bull div would also show up on the 4/6hr charts.

In the event I'm right and we do retest 9.2k, I'll see if we bounce there and if we do rebuy; otherwise, I'll sell the rest when 9.2k falls and look to 9K or 8.8K.
Bullish divergence on the 15m and 30m combined with oversold RSI on the 1h suggest this might be a good spot to hop into a long.

No guarantees, but stops below $9,150 or so should save you from catastrophe. 
When will the SEC news be out tomorrow? Morning EST or Afternoon?

Closed my $1mm short from $9693 posted [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8gnlyb/z/dyen5m5) at $9446 for a total profit of 2.6%. Also earned nearly 2% in funding rebates.

Decided to go out for the night, didn't want to babysit this position so set tight trailing stops. They hit.

!short xbtusd close 9446
The way I see it... we've got three possibilities on the weekly time frame.  I trade on GDAX for reference on price levels and I draw my Fib retraces from top to bottom but its nearly symmetrical and the prices are ± 200 or so anyways.  I will also discuss ETH briefly as a leading indicator but this post is about BTC targets.

Daily Chart: https://www.tradingview.com/x/Ynt8Rk4Z/
Weekly Chart: https://www.tradingview.com/x/TfIhOC4t/

Scenario 1:  Weekly Equilibrium Pattern

If we assume that the capitulation dump at ~$5800 on Feb 6 was the end to the ATH market correction, we can then assume the second peak of the $11700 double top was the beginning of a weekly equilibrium pattern.  So... I have a high at $11643 and a low at $6450 to begin the weekly equilibrium pattern with an eye on fib retracement levels for consolidation points.

ETH has behaved incredibly well in respecting the Fib levels while BTC and LTC appear to be lagging a bit.  ETH pretty much hit its target of 0.236 retrace at $840 and BTC is trying to make a run for its 0.236 line of $10400.  In my opinion, $10400 to $10500 is the absolute maximum we should expect this run to go before weekly retrace to set a higher low.

If/when the lower high is set in the $9900-$10500 range, I expect a multi-week retrace to ~$7500 on the .786 retrace line to set a low high.  Following that would essentially be sideways trading in the .382 to .618 region for 6-12 weeks to set lower highs and higher lows before a break sometime in the fall.

Scenario 2:  2014-style bear channel

The weekly equilibrium fails to confirm if we lose $6450, anything above that is a higher low.  I just can't see this actually happening with the public interest in crypto this year.

Scenario 3: A&E Double bottom confirmation and bull break

Same as scenario 2, I could see a 1-2 week retrace to $8500-$9200 to set a higher low before rallying to break out and form higher high above $11,643.  What happens after that is anyone's guess but there is a target for the A&E double bottom in the mid-teens.

So this is my prediction and how I will be trading moving forward, I intend to go all in long with about 80% of my stack on the next weekly higher low with stops in case scenario 2 does break but I see either a great entry for a weekly equilibrium bull break later this year and/or a great entry for an uptrend channel breakout in the summer.

A big reason I wanted to post this, along with collecting everyone's thoughts on it is that I would not see price action down to $7500 as anything but bullish.  If $7000 breaks, I'll be worried.
In the sport of high-altitude mountaineering; particularly when people are trying to tackle the great 8,000 meter peaks, the typical *acclimatisation* protocol involves starting from Base Camp and then gradually establishing 3-6 higher camps situated at physical ‘support/resistance’ levels. So people will go up to Camp I spend the night, then go to Camp II, and then return to Base. As the human body gets acclimatized to the thin air, each ascent is quicker than the time before. 

When this is done; right before making the final attempt to summit the mountain, climbers will descend all the way down to Base Camp and spend 3 or 4 nights there. The time is spent resting and waiting for the *extremely brief* window of opportunity to open (weather wise), during which a summit attempt can be made. 

On Mount Everest for example, this year’s window of opportunity will be some time in the next 2 weeks. 

*****  

&nbsp; 


Marketwise things are looking really good.

Reason for the alpineering analogy is that I expect this to descend down to 9,250 or thereabouts, maybe even one more shakeout/panic drop that wicks down to 9k, before resuming our assault on the 10k summit. 

A drop down to 8,800 wouldn’t be out of the question, nor even a “major” dealbreaker —but I think it would set us back by a few weeks.

Anything below $8,100… mmm well, at that point I’d say that our lead climber got drunk, fell face first onto his crampons and slid into a crevasse before getting his ass medevacked off the mountain.


OKex buy wall finally gone, wonder what will happen now...
Line we seem to be bouncing off of: https://imgur.com/a/SXwTBY2

Still holding on to my fiat; if this line doesn't hold (call it above 9.2k to coincide with horizontal support and a high volume node) we could be in for a majorish retrace. Maybe a temporary bounce at 8.8k or something but idk, could go down to 8.5k or 8k. Might do a more thorough update later.
I really want to keep my bullish dream intact but ugh, $500 down while longs are *increasing* (shorts are not), AND 'real' usd exchanges are by far leading the dump? Bulls are starting to look as silly as bears did after the BGD out of 6ks.

If the 10k longs that brought us from $9200 to $9900 start to close here, things could get fucking nasty before any stabilization happens. My only hope is that this is just some fuckery prior to bigly bullish nees to come out of the hearings tomorrow, kind of like the other big hearings played out before. 
Reopened a small long at 9500 after closing it at 9850 last night. I interpreted the current trading range as distribution going on, but I'm leaning towards reaccumulation right now. The range never really showed any weakness, just some hesitation to break 10k.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/xbgrv1yi/

A slip back into the low / mid 9's doesn't necessarily invalidate the formation (or even back into high 8k's), so pinpointing a stop is a bit difficult.

A break below the trading range wouldn't really worry me and I'm surprised to read many you saying anything below ~9200 is completely nonsensical. To me it really isn't:

https://www.tradingview.com/x/4WsYsz5s/


Chart for reference: https://www.tradingview.com/x/gavvGoaV/

Entered short @ 9650 (ages ago), targeting 8600-8400. Looking at the weekly, i think its pretty plausible but my mood has shifted a lot. 

From a sort of bear in disbelief to a lot more bullish.

I've gone from wanting to short to wanting to buy the dip...
Been out of the loop for a few days. I don't see a lot of speculation on the SEC hearings tomorrow, was that horse beat dead already?

Since ETH really led the last couple of weeks, a big hit tomorrow, maybe unlikely, could really have a profound impact across the market. Sure people could say that that fiat would flow into btc or other non securities, but that seems long term, not short. 

Is this on par with any China news or ETF denial, in the opinion of those been around awhile? If so, closing longs in advance or just going to wait and see?

If there is another lengthy discussion I missed, please feel free to point me to it.

Edit: crypto Twitter is bullish af on a this subject. I don't know if that is good or not. 
why is gdax so dead? didnt bounce at all
I use to post this now and then as sort of a fun long term trend chart https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/YRZvdurN-The-target-of-current-bubble-lays-between-40k-and-110k/, and last time I said I would stop doing it if one week would close below the red line.

So far it did not happen :P
Hmm, https://www.kraken.com/login seems to be unavailable
Missed the dip to $9400 ... I'm long from $9500 with stops below $9400.

We've got some divs on the 15 and the hourly hit 26.  We may retest $9400 here in the coming few hours but I'm expecting this to move back to ~$9700 
Looks highly unlikely we see $10k today.
This thread expects 8.8k , means 10k is coming ,works like a clock.
So i know that there's always a lot, lot more at play than we can see, but this Buffet attack comes right as we test 10k...

https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2018/05/05/warren-buffett-says-bitcoin-is-probably-rat-poison-squared.html

Again, everything is always a multi factor situation, but i also believe everyone acts on their agendas, and he really did pick an interesting time to make such comments.

edit; or i just smoke too much
130 USD Bitfinex premium now.

Edit: "Just" 100 USD now...
Dammit, Poloniex has been down for a long ass time. If its been hacked... fucking kms. 
[removed]
Thinking of going long around 9150. Not sure 9k gets breached tonight but also scared to sleep in this 
Been holding on to my $9480 short for days now, going to continue holding it to 9200 where I think we might see a decent bounce
We're pretty darn oversold right now on the hourly. I'm crossing fingers that we're near bottoming out.
Just a small thought but if there is something recently that annoys me even more(yes, I know it's hard to achive so good for them :D ) than the stupid hodl memes so is it the "Read my hipster medium blog post/video about why thing X in crypto/bitcoin sucks". 

I think this is what Nicholas Tabel calls intellectual yet idiot , mostly tech people who have zero understandings of markets, trading or behavioral economics but either try to extrapolate their very engineer minded view to financial markets or the opposite like some 1980s style VC "value investor" reiterating memes like "all traders lose money", "something out of thin air bla bla"(art? collectibles? magic cards? digital hats? weather futures?) . For me it just seems like a defensive mechanism, since a lot of technology people around them(like us) now also start to get interest in financial instruments, so they don't know how to handle this 

The only people to trust in those markets are the ones who make money consistently, admits their mistakes and are taking more proudness of being right than making gains by random decisions , since that is the only and final proof they were correct.
Here's a neato image I made of the last 4 times that BTC has had a 10x bubble.


https://imgur.com/a/RnuYVNw




Here's hoping for a 5th time.



https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/iEQOWEGh-Road-to-100k-in-September-2019/
I'd be curious to know statistically how many Sundays have a green daily candle vs red. Anecdotally it feels like 75% of the time it's red
Sunday dips are back? Like it used to be back in December 
Gotta love rapid volatility closing high margin, low-conviction longs.
Kraken exchange's margin pool for that currency is currently used up so my trades are cancelled. Any ideas?
Beard back with a vengeance. How low do we go? 
Stopped out of previous long at breakeven, opening long here at the green box according to plan. Below this level I will be putting on my bear hat for a bit. 

https://www.tradingview.com/x/B5bUlCcp/
Anybody know how SEC will communicate their position tomorrow? Will it be via hearing, public announcement, text statement?
Goldman Sachs will open trading platform because their rich clients want to hold bitcoin. Bullish as f.
Tempted to smash the "Buy" button here, but I think this is coming down further so I'll wait for 8800.  Been sitting on this fiat for a couple weeks anyway.
Thank god I didn't close my short @ $9800
When does CME open up? 2 hrs?
'The real flippening is when it's widely considered risky to *not* own any Bitcoin.'

Those well informed already understand this.

Shorting from 9.9 might turn out to be as profitable as longing from 6.8 if this isn't just healthy consolidation here. Really regret not using that 10k sell wall to open a big short last night after closing my long at 9.8 but so it goes. Sitting on my hands for now - not even sure what a good re-entry point would look like - anything below 9.4 scares me a little. Every $200 climb up from the 8k range felt so dramatic that I'm not even sure where support is anymore. 
Still short. Plan close & long at $8600-8800.
Nice 2 fake buy walls on finex: https://imgur.com/a/YA223LQ

997 & 1000 coins
Premium on futs keeps growing. Very strange. Can anyone explain this?
[deleted]
How do you guys read whitepapers? Everyone says "Read the whitepaper", but being technologically unsavvy, I find them extremely difficult to read. Pretty much everything after the abstract is usually over my head. 
And down we go...
Such low volume selling . Everything points to trend exhaustion, Rsi, C-Rsi, MACD... Expecting a leg up sooner or later. 
https://www.tradingview.com/x/zvLG6uw2/

my alarms just went off for this uptrend line. Wonder if we'll stay above it? At some point we will go sideways or break down
That was a bigger sell off than I anticipated but nothing out of the ordinary. We aren't yet on a bull run so if things start going south people want to get out while they are still in profit, but in my opinion now is a good buy. My current target is 9700. I'll go into fiat from there.

Edit: If GDAX can pull itself up a bit here we'll have a bullish divergence on the 15min.
Diagonal support made a third point of contact on the daily today:

https://www.tradingview.com/x/ecvJUXdJ/
Not a huge believer in fractals but we did have two mini BGD's right before the big BGD that turned into rising wedges that then retraced ~75% of their move up

https://www.tradingview.com/x/ANVENszh/


[deleted]
9.4k is the important mark of the bull run, if this mark falls \(with conviction\) I call for an end of the 1,5 months\-long bull market and expect a correction to a\) 8\-8.5k with a recovery or b\) the real drop with a new low.

Interesting is that the 3d bbands are very tight and we just started with the correction at the upper band.
!long xbtusd 9450 5x 50%

Following chewy's advice. Have another entry lower but in case we don't get so low i have at least something going on. Also taking advantage on kraken being 80$ lower. 
Any reason BFX started to trade 50-100$ higher than anyone else? Did not see this in a while
Is the Bitmex calculator way off today? 

One of my trading algorithms trades at 25X (yes, weird, but works for me, especially if I manage position size aggresively small). It was in a long position from $9694.5 on May 4, 2018, 12:50. According to the calculator, that would put the liquidation price at 9401.5 (and my stop was at 9481.5)

However it was liquidated at 9496. Contract is XBTUSD.

Mail says "With 0.5% Maintenance Margin, your liquidation price was 9499.5 and your bankruptcy price was 9424.0 (i.e. 0% margin)."

Is this a consequence of market and index prices markedly diverging OR of super high interest rates?
1000 BTC buy wall just popped up, Bitfinex. Bear trap or spoof, the usual conundrum...
we broke down from the wedge
!long XBTUSD 9463 1x 20% sl 9300

I am betting on the support line holding for now. 1h RSI is pretty trashed too. Targeting a retrace to around 9750.
Still firm in my belief from yesterday that $9100 will be tested, but will stand.

About 30% of my laddered orders down to $9100 have now been filled.

Still zero leverage as money is a bit too expensive. If price drops down to the mid 8000s, I will finally start to borrow.
Do you think the bearish divergences in the daily chart \(RSI, OBV, MACD, MFL all with bearish divergence Apr 24 close vs. yesterday's \(May 5\) close\) got resolved with today's dip? Or will we re\-test 9k or even the "old" log downtrend line before breaking through 10k? See BFX chart

[https://imgur.com/a/x6YH6Pd](https://imgur.com/a/x6YH6Pd)

Not trying to spread FUD, I am super\-bullish for the next few months. Just wondering whether this was enough of a cool\-off to make it through 10k and run up to 11.8 to then hopefully confirm the A&E bottom...
!long xbtusd 9556 1x 100%

Uh, downvotes for posting a position?

Edit: Ah ok, going long as horizontal support is decent at 9500, it's getting bouncy and I can see a retest of at least 9750.

Edit 2: And there it goes.
Well as I posted yesterday I sure hope this isn't a bull trap. I'm not too worried by the dip just yet, I'll admit if we drop under 9k I'll begin to get a little concerned.

In saying that, my preferred bust through 10k would be a drop now into a strong support range followed by a lovely bounce off of it. Then through 10k.

Fact remains if we drop under 9k the average buyer who bought in the last few weeks is going to get the wobbles again. So right now it's just a case of seeing how the early part of the week goes.

Fingers crossed we haven't picked up a ton of weak hands in the last 3 weeks... 
Is it possible tomorrow's SEC announcement caused a lot of players to sell and hold fiat to wait and watch? What's the general understanding towards the whole thing? 
These funding rates are ridiculous. It's finally capped out at 0.375% in the next hour...in 9 hours I'll have made like 4.5% off funding 😳 

how long are people gonna waste their money longing on mex?!  
Saturday nights are always a low volume time.
This may not be appropriate to the thread, but i know most traders on here keep a cold wallet with funds they dont want to expose to exchange risk.  Or to get forks/airdrops.  

Are there any good way to put this money to work?  Trade them on local bitcoins for commissions.. lending sites. etc for a steady rate of return (better than the 2% mutual funds give lol)

Hey all -

Sorry for this spam but I could **realllllllllly** use your guys' help...

I'm participating in the Seattle Startup Weekend Blockchain Edition hackathon (like, right now; as in, I'm here coding) and my project (one of the finalists) has been building predictive sentiment analysis models using NLP machine learning (basically, extending [this thing I worked on](https://teachmehowto.trade/reddit-miner/) and shared a few weeks back). We've got an MVP built (Python x Google Tensorflow) and now need to figure out a few things on the biz side.

Two key questions (Yes/No and why):

1. Would you be interested in an analytics platform/site that showed various sentiment metrics across key assets (specifically, BTC & ETH)? A couple examples of such metrics would be things like: % bullish/bearish bias, greed/delusion/despair/fear index, word counts of key terms ("breakout", "bull flag", etc.)
2. Would you use sentiment metrics to inform trading decisions?

If y'all could chime in and let me that would be freaking sweet!! I'll be sure to give y'all a shoutout on the livestream during final pitch presentations.

<3

Edit:

Thanks for the downvotes. Love it. I'll take that as a "Nope, fuck off." I should've asked this earlier in the day when we were knocking on 10K's door and everybody was happy. Now everybody's just pissed.
Damn I got shaken out of 1/3 of my mega short above $9900 and now it is dropping again.  I just can't seem to reshort at the right time.  I just give up on a big bounce like that..  Damn.
Damn, I wish I hadn't chickened out on my short yesterday. Missed out on some easy satoshis.
closed my short 15% stack from 9850
nice gainz
dont get greedy shorts this is still a bull market

Getting cucked hard on Poloniex... all my BTC is being lent out at 0.01% a day, and rates just jumped to 0.1% a day :( somebody really wants margin, bad.
This will retrace somewhat but the push over 10k will be slow. The mm's are weary of OTC buys, money is coming in over OTC. If you buying OTC, its in big amounts.

Making profit from OTC is just opening shorts and dumping the OTC amount. Profit from shorts + get coins back cheaper.

I think this is what is holding back BTC, alts dont have this much affect.
i lol every time at these funding pumps
Short from yesterday still open. Aiming 8900 at least, based on the bearflag breakout and rising wedge breakout targets.  Looking at the 3D chart we might even get lower. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8h53jf/daily_discussion_saturday_may_05_2018/dyhmv6z/


https://twitter.com/PeterLBrandt/status/993312249665044481?s=19
I know this is ETH but it was the coin that led the rally for the past few days before gently caressing 10k. 
[1d bearish divergence](https://www.tradingview.com/x/eWZXv4HO/) and other bearish things i wrote in a post yesterday + GDAX is worrying af. Think that was the top for a week or two.  
E: I post valid ta and get downvoted nice
https://www.tradingview.com/x/KGqljKf7/

Suport turned resistance
Watching the price bounce up and down in this bear flag all day has been like watching a very slow game of tennis. Patiently waiting for this to break down, as I'm short at 9600.
Really happy with my 9600 short entry now :) was getting nervous watching that bearflag all day haha

I will say: i do not want to be in the way of the bulls if they come back running this week. Stop is just under 9400 to secure profits (on bitmex, trading about ~$50 lower than finex lately) in case there's a big bounce. anywhere from 9000-9200 seems like a reasonable bottom for this little dump. 

But then again, I question how low this could really go as we just made a lower high on the weekly after 5 green weekly candles. 
!short xbtusd 9511 10x 10%

Based on possible 'bear flag' -  drop to $9100 within next 24h. 
we pumped to 9700 right before that dump.. been a while since the bull trap was in play.

Have some decision making problems, since I am only registered and verified on Kraken, I feel like it is a big problem this 100$ gap. If Bitifinex is leading the market, and I want to short some BTC, is it stupid to short it on Kraken since it is already 1%+ lower price? 
Because different life circumstances I could not manage my  9872 long from yesterday and is now in a  bad position. Anyhow what I look for now is a bounce in the 9500 area that seems to be the mid term support trend line
Do you feel it’s a tricky time to enter a new position? Is it safe to wait for a further dip before going long or another rejection from 9.6/9.7 before shorting?
!long xbtusd delete

Just putting this here as don't know where else to do it. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yup, somebody got a new supply of coins to dump in a totally irrational manner.  Will be over in a few days.  Keep that fiat dry for the sale prices.
Long from 9585 with stop at 9400.  I think this line will hold. https://i.imgur.com/mAyp15z.png   Only 4-9 days now until the big move.

edit: added to my long at 9525

edit: added a bit more at 9505 and moved stop down to 9200
[removed]
I really think a little bit of sell the rumor buy the news is happening right now. I'd expect a bump after the uncertainty tomorrow. 
No one around on a Saturday night while we tickle $10k?
BTC broke down from this channel and is now testing it as resistance

[https://imgur.com/a/sGbAFi2](https://imgur.com/a/sGbAFi2)

Anyone else watching this? 
Short closed, long from $9605. 

This week makes or breaks the bull run huh.
Wonder if we will be able to pick up coin at 9300 range. I might Start averaging in from there.
!long XBTUSD add 9525 -lev 1.5x

Don't think we can go much lower here, averaged to 9.18 so I'll probably bail out on 9.2 break.
Closed out of my long around 9760 last night. I ended up reentering today around 9520. I'm probably gonna close out my long around 9850-9900 (if we get there) rather than pray for a break out to 10.2.

4hr (https://imgur.com/a/NeyYmY4) : we might make a diamond top here, a break up would still have a target of the 10.2-10.3 resistance and a break down would have a target of the the 9.2-9.3 support. I think we'll see a little pop towards the top of the range if we get over this 9650-9700 resistance level.

15 min (https://imgur.com/FVfUhP8) : Nothing super interesting here, but it does look like a temporary bottom formation above the 9500 support, which is why I reentered a long. 
hoping for a 9200 bounce. 
Was that supposed to be the dump? Wake me up when bears can move the price more than $300 on overbought conditions.

Truly, I don't know what your timelines are. $5k by when? July? November? What month is supposed to really fuck our shit up?
I'm looking at temp bounce from this https://www.tradingview.com/x/4KVxweUh/
OK so all the people that were convinced of a big ol upward rampage over 10k,at what point do you panic?

Or more accurately, all those who bought over 9k, believing the bear was over for good...what price is going to make you sell here.

I'm not saying we'll drop hugely, just interested as I never thought for a second that the bear was over. I didn't think anything actually, am completely neutral right now. 
!long xbtusd close 9490

Stopped @breakeven earlier
I might be over analysing, but it's a pretty perfect 'Adam & Eve' bottom forming on the 15/30 min chart. Confirmation just above 9.7k on Bitfinex, considering the volume profile etc.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/mi6pKYEY/
Why are people listening to "Creepy" Dr. Doom (Nouriel Roubini), unmarried with a mere 1.3m net worth? The only thing he accurately called was the 2008 great recession. Which was pretty easy to call. I mean the next great recession will be due to China's housing bubble. Okay where's my man of the year award?
Thinking of buying back in at 8,800 (*edit: in the next 2 days after healthy correction*) depending on how fast we get there. If not I'll jump back in at 8000-8,500.
all you weekend night shorters.. go to sleep.. hopefully you wont wake up liquidated.  



Looks like the bull train is over for now. I don't think that is a terrible thing. I've been wanting to see where we make a higher low anyway (granted, a higher low implies we are on a bull run) so I'm hoping this sell off will stop in the low 8's, high 7's. If we can't even hold those two that will not be good and the possibility of reaching a lower low of <6k is probable. My bet, though, is we are on our way to a recovery, so a buy in the low 8's is a good buy. 

Edit: I really don't care about downvotes and whatnot but when I get downvotes I would love to hear an explanation as to why you think I'm wrong. Downvotes with no explanation just makes me think you are doing it out of spite. We just passed through the whole 9.5k range on little volume, aka there were hardly any bids. I mean, of course I could be wrong and we could reverse here and go all the way back up on low volume, too. But that last 1hr candle doesn't give me any confidence.
[deleted]
2 more funding cycles without a pump and longs will close en masse. Its all fake confidence from the bulls as evident by the imaginary supports (9.7 and soon 9.5) breaking down. 
Wait for the real dip.
https://www.tradingview.com/x/rmsRaBP8/

I wonder if the blue channel will hold?
[removed]
!short BTCUSD 9880 1x 20%

Opened that one two days ago actually, wanted to add @ 9999 but it never got there. Not gonna add to the short here, currently debating whether to close it and open a long here instead. I'd say its still a lot more likely to try 10000 again in a few days, than it is for it to keep falling a lot more here.  
[removed]
BTC is neither bullish or bearish currently it's being manipulated by HFT bots which can take it up or down rapidly. You think that move (or the previous green pumps) was organic demand ? Think again if so.

Look. This chat is just to fucking troll-box like. People posting troll charts and saying that they will 100x a short bought on a dip. Can we just pls have a fcuking chat for memes and other meme-like things, that will make this chat so much more organized and un-meme-like for once. I really need to get away from all the memes in order to get rich and buy a mansion somewhere in LA or maybe NY I don't fucking know but that doesn't matter what I need is that there is no more meme chat in this chat and that we have a meme chat that is dedicated for memes and other meme-like things that do not belong here.
I love how coinbase shows BTC and Eth price was at it's lowest today at 820AM. Yeah, this isn't rigged at all.
Does anyone have an explanation for the Tether discount (0.9948 on Kraken right now)? I haven't seen any piece on that in the news.
When you say break out, are you talking about pushing past 10k? And is it significant to close above the prior week's wick (other than the obvious)? Thanks for the write up 
Opened a short at the top (9.6ish), changed my mind, closed it and opened a long and got stopped out just under 9.4 - think it's time to take a break.
i know the charts say we go back to 8800 but I'm bullish too.  I think the SEC thing is a non-event and  the the mt gox stuff seems to have piped down.  After 3 weeks of gains, why would bulls want to take ANY chances.  They're simply banking profits and will come back.

relief rally after tomorrow

edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
Just happened again on GDAX. Blew down through 9500 only for it to get gobbled up and pushed back up. 

Not touching this unless it manages to get pushed low enough that the 1H RSI gets into the 20s. 
If you want to squeeze shorts there needs to be shorts to squeeze... ratio is currently over 3:2 in favor of longs. Disagree with that falling wedge on your chart as well, seems much too steep to really be valid. Just to be a critic, I think it's also a stretch to draw that hidden bull div on RSI starting from that point. It's not exactly a very well defined local low. Also you should be drawing the div from the candle closing prices (what RSI is calculated with), not wicks.

But as you said, we'll see.
What of stop loss are you using there....or are you playing it by ear.

And I am still short, just because of SEC/CTFC meeting tomorrow.  Just more downside risk there with the price than upside potential if disaster is averted.

That being said it's still a long time before the meeting and price can certainly bounce higher.  And we may not even know the results of the meeting tomorrow until much later.
[deleted]
Didn't Buffett once say that Sub Prime mortgage were financial weapons of mass destruction? That guy has a way with words.
Position saved with success.

Open positions can be checked @ [BitcoinMarkets Open Positions](http://bitcoinmarkets.atwebpages.com/)


I'm out of position currently, but I'm considering scaling into a short if we reach close to 9700. The bear flag also caught my eye.

I'm medium-long term bullish but still think we have some room to drop in the meantime.
Sounds like a nice plan you've got there. 9.2k will definitely offer some horizontal support.

Looking @larger time frames, do you put any faith into our 7k BGD to local bottom line (8.8k)? Think it's currently sitting @9.4k. I myself think horizontal support/resistance is more important than ascending/descending lines. But it will probably aid a retest of 9.2k.

Or do you simply think it's a case of redrawritis?
What does 1X 66% mean? 66% of your trading capital at 1 times leverage?
There's nothing better than making a decision and then having you come along and validate it. Always makes me feel a lot happier with it! 
after the alleged meeting I guess
Well done. Sometimes i wish i had your balls of steel. Your trades are so often underwater, yet you do not get nervous and sit it out. I still have to learn a lot of patience.
Another excellent trade. It just shows how patience can make a difference between a big loss and a decent profit. Way to go.. respect for u sir!
Congrats Mike. Nice trade. Absolute masterclass in shorting a potential trend reversal.
Almost 5% with a short in this range is awesome. Congrats
Only way shorts can survive in a bitcoin bull market.  Every part of that trade was optimized.  



You deserve all the upvotes you get for this analysis.
Pain
More chop. I think we'll still be ranging from 9.5k to 10k for another day. I think I'd rather be long than short, though. So buy the dip, sell the top but buy more than you sell.
It's funny to see the same mistakes made. Bitcoin hits a new local high after fairly rapid growth. Next day the price retraces by 50% and people freak out.

The same thing happened a week ago.

I had staggered buys throughout last night at steps down of 9700, 9650, 9600 and so on. I don't regret them because I think it will go back up again.

I'm starting to think longer term and when stuff goes up crazy fast it pretty much always retraces and so far it's steadily pointing up.
My guess is that these shorts were fake as these longs are fake. I expect a BRD in the next couple of hours just to indicate crealy that the bull market is over and that the bull that accumulated in the 6ks has deaccumulated enough coins now to let it drop.

Short Term RSIs cry for a correction here but I can feel that people are wanting just to sell this little higher and therefore I am in doubt if that really happens \(like a correction back to 9.8k or so\).
its still bullish this is just profit-taking before the SEC crypto meeting tomorrow.





Looking at the weekly time frame, we are definitely due for a pullback into the mid-low 8000s to set a new higher low. This would provide the equilibrium that we'll need before another move up if we want to avoid a sharp correction. I've put a portion of my trading stack into alts and the rest is sitting in case waiting for the consolidation/correction for Bitcoin when it happens. 
This is what I was looking at, but decided to take profits at 9478. Hold it strong!
If SEC Chair Clayton comes out tomorrow and says that tokens like Ripple, Ethereum, and EOS, etc. are securities, then it will have huge implications for the market, since the exchanges that have been trading these tokens in the USA have been doing so illegally. It would be Armageddon on many levels. Bitcoin would absolutely explode as people scramble to convert their altcoins over. Clayton has already stated that Bitcoin is the only coin he's confident is not a security. I think it would be fair to say that those coins that are derived from the Bitcoin algorithm are somewhat safe, but the ETH coins would be fucked, to put it mildly. 

That being said, I'm sure that Clayton knows what an awful impact this would have on the space, so I'd be very surprised if he just came out and said that anything other than Bitcoin is considered a security by the SEC.  I think it's more likely that he works with the exchanges to get them in compliance prior to making an announcement like that. But I'll be listening very carefully to how he words his statement, should that particular issue be brought up.
is crypto twitter bearish on anything? I wouldn't take that as meaningful in any way, haha. 

I posted articles earlier and commented about it. Most people see it as neutral/good, some bearish people think it's gonna be bad / a disaster. Personally I'm expecting neutral/bad
it's been near a $80 discount for a while now. there's just barely anyone using the exchange anymore
the author(the legendary masterluc) actually posted a more bearish update of that recently. https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/BTCUSD/
Your link 404’s
I remember when we were at 16k someone said 'were going to retrace to 12k before going to 40k?  That's going to be brutal!'  No one believed a retrace to 12k was possible


Yeah same here. Fed up with Kraken's bullshit. No other exchange is stopping trading without notice. Will change to a different exchange tomorrow. 
Back up and running for me.
Yep, up and running again... not a big deal. Performance has been good pas period to be honest https://status.kraken.com/#month
[removed]
But "10k is so sure from here"
I concur.
I posted last night that alts were bleeding and bitcoin was making lower highs, and we were unlikely to break $10k that night. I got downvoted so quickly I decided to delete the unpopular opinion. Glad to see people finally coming to my side. I’m sure we will rebound from here, but some people can get so greedy with their gainz.
well the entire thread expects 8.8k then 10k so who knows
vanteyX is the new hotness.. pm your price prediction
you're my lucky charm i copy your trades  I'd send your some BTC for your troubles but who the hell still uses btc off exchanges?


so it's dangerous to rats? what the hell does that even mean. Not news.
You can't smoke too much :) Warren who?
I know that rat poison squared means something bad but for us non native speaker can someone explain that term?
EDIT: Fuck, my bad. Really long wall of text incoming

It is obvious that one of the most notoriously rational investors would consider Crypto gambling.

He’s also probably not wrong.

When Bitcoin was sub 10 dollars, it wasn’t about the money, it was about escaping the fiat banking system. Bitcoin was low and it was used a lot (Silk Road). It made sense to invest then.

Today, it makes sense to invest in Crypto if you need access to capital in case of censorship. It makes sense if you need a rainy day fund that you don’t want people to know about or have access to.

Otherwise, it only makes sense to buy Bitcoin/Crypto if you think it will go up, which is by definition speculation 

I mean, maybe people have use for Smart Contracts or Anonymous transactions, I oersonally don’t (and I’ve spent the last 7 years learning everything I can about them).

If you’re in it for the tech, then investing in it is about as irrelevant as trying to eat your paper wallet. Github commits are what count, not market orders.

I think Warren Buffet is both right and wrong.

Right in the sense that the entire “Investing” in Crypto is a circlejerk cesspool since Feb 2017 (yes, that’s right, the shitcoin pumps are a circlejerk cesspool in my eyes and I think they are all worthless, literally 0)

Wrong in the sense that I truly believe that a globally decentralized currency will achieve the status of the de facto global unit of account with somewhat stable exchange rates to other currencies.

I think Bitcoin and Crypto will continue to go up, but I am speculating.

In 2011, I accumulated Bitcoin because I wanted to buy and sell drugs on the internet and because I didn’t want someone to be able to tel me what to do with my money.

Nowadays Bitcoin does not provide that flexibility anymore, since KYC is almost always required, so a fiat bank account in Switzerland is enough censorship resistance for my rainy day fund for now.
already born rich old Dude doesnt get new tech. why is this News? who cares about People persuadet by those Comments to or Not to Invest in something? those are the People who fomo or get burned anyway.
Using childish analogies when you have nothing else to say. Rat poison squared. He must go to a class of microwave cookery... I mean coping with senility.
That bitter old dotard has no interest in a technology that is going to change the future of the world. He’ll be dead any day and he knows it. Fuck him. It’ll be a better world without him. 
Does anyone have guessed why this is? Is this normal? Only hypothesis I read from yesterday was swapping out of usdt to USD. Does a swapping need to happen or if usdt<$1 there will be a premium on the Fiat exchanges?


Sorry lots of q together
>funds are safe
poloniex is working fine mobile site. 
It's up but I can't log in using 2FA

*EDIT: working again now
I'm still holding my long from 9870 :(
You held it all the way up to $9950 and back down?  Interesting.
It's not the bottom until it fills my limit buy;)...
[deleted]
[deleted]
Amen
[deleted]
I don’t have much to add, other than I suspect (gut level) the most recent season of Silicon Valley is also reflective, hitting a nerve on crypto v. ‘old tech,’ and is adding more urgency for the various SC influencers 
I've gone from reading everything to focusing on this group.  I do my own research in alts with the focus being almost entirely fundamental.  After making more mistakes than I care to count, It has served me really well.  Applying the most basic rules of trend following and getting my exit and entry points from the collective thoughts here is one reason I have gone from being down substantially to a higher return in 3 months than any one year in the history of the equity markets.  I just wish I had spent time here before my first investment.   
ive found that nowadays most people are worthless to listen to..
just read csaskers response. skin in game is all that matters.






Wow, June 2011 bubble pop was just brutal.  But have to figure extremely low volume back then and would be easy to manipulate the price.
I bought in 2011 at $30/coin

It was agonizing
Going back to Dec 17th



15/21 Sundays were red, aka 71.4%



Prior to December 17th, going back to May 7th





10/32 Sundays were red, aka 31.25%




Summary: Don't short Sundays in a Bull market, short them in a Bear market.



On Sunday mornings, trading volume is much lower. Personally, I think traders are in church and trading Bitcoin in church is a violation of the tenets of Christianity, given the parable of Jesus throwing the money-changers out of the temple.
The first dump to 5.8k, Sunday-Monday morning dump religiously every time for like 3-4 weeks in a row.

Sell Friday night, buy back in Monday for instant gains. 
U/Subz10 made a thread about evert single day about this. He found out most Sundays close red and Saturdays green. 
I was just thinkig the same thing, but I have no supporting evidence 
Better hope this is just a dip.
nothing you can do, you need to wait... you can try to "spam smaller orders" (in my experience 0.05 btc goes through 95% of the times); so just do 20 or more of those orders, if you really need margin

most likely everbody is trying to get margin long at kraken (0.06% per day) and short at bitmex swaps (1% funding rebate today)
The price level where people stop selling and start buying.
Carrier pigeons of course.

Edit: Check here tomorrow after the meeting https://www.sec.gov/news/pressreleases
do we know they'll communicate it publicly ?
Or they just want to short... Nobody knows.
they'll sell them little pieces of paper with the word bitcoin stamped on em.  and say 'there now you're invested in bitcoin'.

Goldman does incredibly well during times of high volatility. One partner on their MBS desk made $4 billion in 2008. Goldman doesn’t go long anything, they go asymmetrical. The majority of trades they perform have more upside than downside. If they start seeing any meaningful action (read: fees) in the cruptocurrency space, they will start making derivatives based off the cryptomarkets.
I decreased my stack a bit in the top of the bounce. Not positive if a good exit, but I want to lock in some profit because I wouldn’t be surprised if we’re painting a bear flag here...
What are your main reasons for believing 8.8 will happen relatively soon? Just curious.
So tired of reading this for the last 10 years. You're in a Bitcoin subreddit. We get it. 
[removed]
i think this mean ,going down harder
https://imgur.com/a/Vz0Io1w
2 new walls of 500 each
Perhaps a CME whale saving his long. Volume obviously wants down
Funding on the perps will be 0.31% in 2h and 0.37% in 10h. I guess many people want to long this dip but are scared by the funding rate, so they are accepting the premium on the futs.
>Premium on futs keeps growing. Very strange. Can anyone explain this?

Why strange? 

The premium peaked at over 5% as we were nearing $10k and looking bullish. Reduced to around 2% during the dip due to bearish sentiment while the price was falling. Price has been stable for the last 3 hours or so, premium increased to 3%.

Premium on futs grows or shrinks in real time when there is volume, based on market sentiment. 
6/ on "dumb money".... he knows me!
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
then dont read it.  Go on some online forum and some know-it-all will give you the cliff notes.  white papers are all bs anyway.


everyone says it, but the reality is few actually do it. It's not just you. 
I like to think about the practicality of the project itself. Is there a need/niche for this? Would I use this myself? 

How’s funds being raised being utilized? Does this seem to make some sense? Am I getting my fair end of the deal?

There’s no exact science. More of a common sense thing than anything imo, unless you’re trying to really get into the weeds. 
One way is to just look everything up you don't understand. It will take a very long time to get through the paper, but once you finish, you will not only understand the paper but also have a lot of knowledge about the context. Of course this is a big challenge that takes a lot of time but it might be worth it.

I did it this way, and am actually still doing it, because I regularly come across terms I don't understand (e.g. Byzantine fault tolerance, Schnorr signatures, Ricardian clauses). Every once in a while I decide to just "dive in" and keep reading and Googling (even Youtubing) until I understand what I'm reading.

This is not advice specifically for crypto, but generally for any science paper.
dismiss if i Ctrl-F catch phrases

* make the world better
* blockchain 2.0/ next bitcoin
* help third world/ save babies
* decentralized with free, fast, secure tx
* premine/marketing budget/creator tax fee
* lead dev, creator, CEO
I don't, since 99.9% are just technical marketing for people like us. I just trade charts or hype for the not top 25 coins
How far do you expect?  
lol

You’re my favorite bear 
Watching the same line.
I think that we shouldn't worry about these smaller uptrend lines. I put way more weight on our uptrend line from the recent 8.8k bottom on finex. It's getting dangerously close to it. 

E: Not that that line isn't valid. But I always put more faith into lines that span a bigger price range and are a little older.
I didn't have that one drawn, but I should have and we obviously pierced it a few minutes ago, for what it's worth.

I added to my short at an absurdly low price, considering it all started out above $9900.  But I still think there is a very good chance that just below $10K is local top and we drop from here, who knows how far.  Of course they can pump it where they want, but it's still  a good bet.
You're going to hold a long here for an extra $100/btc?
Yes i would reshort at $9700.  I covered much of my short position for now and betting on a bounce.
Sideways tomorrow and pump tuesday no? Longing here with stops below 9400 should be a good bet 
the difference in rsi is like...2. not a strong divergence at all. Also, you have to wait to actually see it bounce back up before you even call a divergence
I'm seeing both lower lows for the price and RSI on the hourly.  Could you post a screen shot?
i would say 8.8 personally.
I agree 9.4k is pretty important. Think we'll wick there when we fall through 9.5, and I'm looking for a dip entry at 9450, as it seems like a logical point for the falling wedge to fully play out. 

The 3D bbands are scary and my soul wont handle a correction to the lower band at sub 7k. 
Position saved with success.

Open positions can be checked @ [BitcoinMarkets Open Positions](http://bitcoinmarkets.atwebpages.com/)


!long xbtusd -sl 9490

Stops @breakeven. Still need to get my confidence back after a losing streak. Also cant look at charts till later. 
Well funding rates are stupidly high. The past few weeks I've accumulated almost 4% on my position off of funding rates.

At 25x that's literally a 100% gain from funding rates...so there's a good chance you got shafted by that
Bull trap
Not really. 

Some exchanges violated the lower boundary, but sellers couldn't even close a 3m candle below support. 

Not saying it won't break down eventually, but at least for now it's still in tact. 
Position saved with success.

Open positions can be checked @ [BitcoinMarkets Open Positions](http://bitcoinmarkets.atwebpages.com/)


nice entry!
If price drops down to the mid 8000s now I’d be prepared to go all the way down to 6000 if not lower. 
Maybe we touch 9k.

But gah, honestly? I think we'll get a couple more attempts at 10k next week. I'd be very surprised if we punched through on the next attempt. But super bullish long term now that 6k has been put to bed (for now).

Put it this way, 3-4 weeks ago a drop like happened today would have me stressing. Now, not batting an eyelid.
I wouldn’t be surprised if we retest the old log line. That would be about a 25% retrace, which historically most bear divs on the daily have resulted in at a minimum. 

However, it could be argued there are regular and hidden bull divs as well so it’s kinda hard to say right now. I could see a strong bounce happening and “buy the dip” being initiated once again until we break past 10k+.   

I’m leaning more towards the bear case personally though. 
> Not trying to spread FUD, I am super-bullish for the next few months.

You need to apologize harder for asking a reasonable question with a supporting chart....and of course suggesting the price could drop.   But I get it and don't need any unnecessary downvotes for not being a permabulltard.
I'm waiting for an $8.9k entry for a long because I do see it going down that far but not much further. Don't have the guts to short right now though. Market seems to want to go up overall.
The 12h 50/200 MA cross may play out. The last "dip" has probably delayed it to coincide with tomorrow's perception of good news. 
>Uh, downvotes for posting a position?

Yes. People are interested in why traders are taking up positions... This thread is not meant to be a spammy trade log. 
not supposed to post it without an explanation, otherwise find a dead comment somewhere and post it there
It's just because you provided no justification for that position.
Who cares bro?
My feeling is that the market already priced the decision in the last upswing of ETH
Of course that is part of what is going on.  
Yeah it's outrageous. I'm not going long on there til it drops considerably. Nice if you're shorting though eh
Is this a bearish or bullish sign? I don’t really understand how funding rates work
It wouldn't be a cold wallet anymore then. The point of a cold wallet is that it is 100% disconnected from the internet and cannot be hacked or exposed in any way. You are the only one with the keys and the wallet stays offline.
You could lend it on exchanges but the risk simply isn't worth it. Keep your cold storage very much cold and have a portion of the trading stack doing the actual work for you (hedging, lending, trading...etc)
Check out SALT, lending platform.
 It's a good question. You can lend them for people borrowing on margin on a few exchanges  but that doesn't pay much for the risk you take on keeping your BTC on an exchange. ETH will soon possibly let you stake to run a sharding node. But that will also be very risky at first in case there is a bug with the system. 
you could lend them out at bitfinex ?
1. Yes. 
2. Somewhat. 

I've become more of a technical trader over the past few months, but when the chart is looking ambiguous to me, I try to get a sense of the general mood. With bulls and bears often just cheerleading their interests, sentiment isn't a good indicator by itself, but when combined with chart analysis, it can be be helpful.
also, as a note: word counts are a pretty useless metric. tfidf scores across a large corpus are far more telling 
It seems to me that the challenge is to overcome bots influence or sameness of thought rather than compound it. Most people appear to suffer from a lack of creativity/creative thought... hence terms like fomo etc. Can "machines" help those... probably. I understand the AI people have already run into unforseen sexism, racism etc. However, avoiding the excesses/worst of human nature, dishonesty etc may be impossible but i guess its the same in "real life", as suggested by the downvotes. So have my upvote just to be contrary & to encourage you. Best of luck in your endeavours. Creativity is the pinacle of humanity ;)
There's quite a few services that do exactly that, but you'll find they're wrong more often than not.

I've messed around with machine learning bots myself but never been able to write one that could turn a profit
1. This is somewhat trivial, but I guess it could prove useful

2. Unless you have a significant amount of experience in sentiment analysis, it is likely your approach will not provide a tremendous amount of insights. You are better off trying to do a really good job on some semeval benchmark dataset and then pivoting to Crypto.

I would use such metrics, but not for trading. Maybe to determine when the next big alt craze will be underway, but otherwise, I don’t think it can provide a significant amount of edge over a person’s intuition.
I know someone who got stopped out of a long at $6.7k...:/
I've still got mine open, keeping it open <10k.
You didn't expect a bounce off 10k? 9900 seems like no mans land to me, IMHO

>closed my short 15% stack from 9850
>nice gainz
>dont get greedy shorts this is still a bull market

Nice trade, [weekend night shorter](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8hcsus/daily_discussion_sunday_may_06_2018/dyixc5t). 
Nice I had been short from 9200 which I added to as we climbed to just under 10k giving me an entry of 9650. Closed today at 9478.

Current Strategy: Out of position. Short below 9200, long above 9700.
>Getting cucked hard on Poloniex... all my BTC is being lent out at 0.01% a day

I'm surprised that you would be comfortable with that counterparty risk for well under 4% per year. I usually stop lending below 0.06% on BFX.

>rates just jumped to 0.1% a day :(

Has been in that range for a few days on BFX. Might be worth considering the switch as a lender. 
You should switch over to doge and catch those 1-2% spikes.
noobs on mex go crazy. I really don't think most people on there even know how to do basic math.

Someone on there just asked me what hedging is...there's so many noobs on bitmex holding their bitcoin unhedged on there not realizing they're technically long
wow thats a perfect entry.  I'm [short](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8h53jf/daily_discussion_saturday_may_05_2018/dyiihxe/) from 9950 and I'm planning to get back in at 9250 because there should be decent support there.  The third leg down is usually weaker than the other two so I'm not as confident we'll hit 8900 before we recover for a while.  But 8900 would end up being about the same amount as the last big drop so who knows.
Nice entry on that one.  That was my plan, but I slept a little too late and missed the action.  My fault for not setting an alarm, etc.  I did short at $9900 and some below that, but it was ripe for the taking right below $10K.
I'd love a knife, but reality: This guy has a horrible track record.
> I know this is ETH but it was the coin that led the rally for the past few days before gently caressing 10k.

How can you support such statements? Correlation =/= causation. ETH is still far below its ratio from a few months ago. Not sure how you can claim that it was leading Bitcoin, when that almost certainly was not the case. Bitcoin is the crypto standard, not Ether. Do you have some sort of argument as to why ETH was leading?
GDAX misses the fiat within the exchange to hold up.
I see a trendline based on one touch..
The thing is since the BGD almost all bear flags have not been reliable. I don't really trust them anymore.
A bit early to be calling a lower high, weekly still has 2 days to close and is looking fairly bullish \(mid\-long term\)
Enlighten me, why are people posting positions in this format all of a sudden today?
There were a couple of obvious ones the last few days.  This market is heavily manipulated, but that is nothing new.
Yes, and i'm on kraken also. Unless you expect a big drop. I'm sitting on my hands for now and will probably long around 9200 
Hmm, I guess yes, but normally the price movement is pretty much identical to the movements on other exchanges, just at a different price point. I.e GDAX dipped lower then Finex
I wouldn't worry yet, though you might want to close it near BE, just keep an eye on the volume on a bounce anytime soon and go from there.
Hoping for a drop to around 9400-9450. Below that 9200 but dont think we Will drop that much. 
Wait until tomorrow, we will probably be at the same price or lower. A pullback was needed and may last several days not hours.
[deleted]
profit taking after bullrun
the indicators actually bear that story out.


It is totally rational to sell at $9300, rather than $8700.
> in a totally irrational manner.

why is it irrational? and why do you always consider us going down to be one idiot with a bunch of coins but when we go up you think it's a bunch of genius visionaries lmao
Who told you about a big move? Google Trends is telling me that nobody cares about crypto atm.
https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?q=Bitcoin
Why are you posting more-or-less [the exact same low effort comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8hcsus/daily_discussion_sunday_may_06_2018/dyk9g6u/) repeatedly? Getting nervous or something?
There was never fear of btc being dubbed a security tomorrow, only really Eth and other coins with pre sales or ICOs, so this selloff should not have anything to do with that
>  sell the rumor buy the news

what are you seeing being sold? We're down like 3%
Maybe everyone’s still drinking tequila
What do you think will happen when it touches 10k? A pullback or it breaks out? I am kind of new to trading. Where are the major support and resistance marks?   If you care to talk about it. 
[https://www.tradingview.com/x/EKcrP33T/](https://www.tradingview.com/x/EKcrP33T/)

I think it's worse that we fell through the 4h support line that goes all the way back to the 8.8k bottom. Definitely is being tested as resistance right now.
Probably everyone. But we've been below it before.
Why?  We need to set a higher low on the weekly, wouldn't some consolidation be good right now before we set into summer?  
If you feel optimistic about that outcome, the answer is probably no. 
Position updated with success.

* Opening value: 9,025.00

* Average value: 9,025.00

* Leverage: 1X

* Stack: 100.00%

Open positions can be checked @ [BitcoinMarkets Open Positions](http://bitcoinmarkets.atwebpages.com/)


Well, it bounced.
I'm not a bear (only bear-**ish**), but I'm probably among those who are not convinced that we have turned the corner since December. Someone asked me to predict the price after one week, and I guessed in the low 8,000s by this weekend. I have no problem admitting I guessed wrong, but it was a guess. As a bearish guy I'd say I'm impressed by the last week's action, and it's really interesting to read the TA people are posting here. My view now is that this rise -- which I consider started April 19, not 12, as the first 1,000 rise was caused by short liquidation and initial FOMO -- has shown a clear trend, but I'm not convinced about the long term direction until we can maintain a >8,000 level the next few weeks.
Isnt over yet
>Was that supposed to be the dump? Wake me up when bears can move the price more than $300 on overbought conditions.

The drop during the last few hours was over $400 on all major exchanges. 
January.
I caught the bottom of the wick down, what do I win?
I doubt we'll get much higher than 9750 from the bounce and then go down again, either double bottom from horizontal support creating a bullish div, or making a new low. 
The order of operations for me is as follows:

1. Below $9,200: "well that's annoying"

2. Below $9,000: "this fucking sucks"

3. Below $8,800: "I give up and close my long at breakeven."

4. Below $8,600: "This makes 0 sense, but it's happening. So I guess I'll short."
8600 for me  - (I was 99% sure we'd retrace from 10k though).
Around 9.2k is the 0.236 of our recent bullish move, so even there I wouldn't panic, but I'm already pissed that my sells didn't trigger overnight by $10. 

Ideally, I'd like to bounce from 9.4, but the downwards momentum is making me believe this move will develop over a few days and we won't find strong support until 9.2 highest. 

I'll probably unload my stack if 9.2k doesn't hold to sit on my hand for a bit again. 
Can't speak for others, but I will never panic.  I'm still sitting on some fiat hoping these overly emotional dumpers (obviously dumping for no other reason than that they hate Bitcoin) bring the price down to the point where I'll buy more.


ask on the buttcoin subreddit

Who cares though
Position closed with success



* Opening value: 9,900.00

* Average value: 9,900.00

* Closing value: 9,490.00

* Leverage: 1X

* Stack: 100.00%

* PnL: -4.39%

Open positions can be checked @ [BitcoinMarkets Open Positions](http://bitcoinmarkets.atwebpages.com/)


Pretty small timeframe for a A&E. Did you take a look at the 4h/12h? That's a real unconfirmed A&E.
A&E usually requires A to be more deep than E
What the fuck does being unmarried have to do with anything?
>Why are people listening to "Creepy" Dr. Doom, unmarried with a mere 1.3m net worth? 

Who are you referring to? 
MF DOOM?
To be fair most of his facts were true, just his conclusions were erroneous.
It's best if you add the time frame you are looking at. Also the reason why you think it'll fall that far. If you are just here to cause FUD then leave it to the troll box on Mex. 
Dude we (nearly) all want it to go up. but you can trade both ways, and make money. why dont you try it with a tiny amount, or under test conditions. you dont have to sit on your hands when it goes down. and the feeling of making money on a nice trade is the same :))
>all you weekend night shorters.. go to sleep.. hopefully you wont wake up liquidated. 

Ironic timing with your post. 
You want an explanation for every downvote you get?? Sometimes people will just hate you, that’s life.
It's best if you add the time frame you are looking at. Also the reason why you think it'll fall that far. If you are just here to cause FUD then leave it to the troll box on Mex.
Already below 9600 on gdax 
[removed]
What's a funding cycle? One full day of calculating margin position interest? 
dr yamuka prove bull has brain size of squirrel

What makes you think there will be a "real" dip, and how big would such a dip be?

I mean, unless you personally know someone who's about to sell 100K BTC or more, this is a pretty absurd statement.  And even a 100K BTC sell would be absorbed pretty well by the current market.  Might drop the price to $8K. Might.
Yeah will be interesting to see. Though because of the massive short squeeze pump the angle might be a little steep. I'm not too confident 9.5 will hold, and have another less "steep" support line from the 7.8k low -> 8.8k -> currently at 9.3k.

This is primarily because the current dips are still pretty low volume and I'm hoping for a more capitulation drop through the 9.5k stop losses on Finex. (GDAX dipped hard after pushing through 9.5)

We did touch the horizontal support here though, so we could go up, but since the bounce is weak, I think we'll see a bit more downside. 
lol @hindsight trading.
Position saved with success.

Open positions can be checked @ [BitcoinMarkets Open Positions](http://bitcoinmarkets.atwebpages.com/)


/u/cryptochecker
Totally not a shill. /s

(Segwit alone processes more TX than BCH, but just ignore that so you can keep up the narrative!)
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
Nope. There’s [less than 5,000](https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions) unconfirmed transactions right now. GTFO.
[deleted]
RogerVer sockpuppets are getting increasingly good/subtle at sockpuppeting
lol i remember when i first wandered into /r/btc 
... There's not even a backlog right now...
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
What do you mean? How does that indicate its rigged?
Username checks out
That's half a penny of random noise dude
Tether always fluctuates right at or barely under $1. Not newsworthy.
cuz its a ponzi about to collapse

if it goes higher with that long/short ratio, 10k will likely collapse on itself with too many longs closing and new shorts opening.
In a normal market 10:1 ratio in a stock is pretty normal.

We got a lot of newbs who just naked short too much.  Pro shorts are far and few between and are really selective about when they short.  3:2 is ridiculously bearish.

We can definitely see short squeezes.






Stop is breakeven. I'll long again at the green box and flip short below there. 
-30%
Well, not good obviously. Would potentially impact the entire smart contract business model and with it ICOs. It might be a very smart route by the SEC to addressing the issue of token sales. 
Short term dip in price, long term not much impact at all.

People really overestimate how much impact US regulation has on a global market
He did and he was 100% spot on. The sub-prime markets though were an area that was well within Buffets subject area expertise. He was late on Apple and stated openly this weekend to being wrong about Amazon and Google. For me the entire tech space falls OUTSIDE that subject area and crypto is that deficit to n steroids. 
No, he said that about credit default swaps.
Yeah. Trying to still stay neutral long term - waiting for 11.8k to break before I officially flip long term bullish. ATH log resistance breaking was enough to turn me medium term bullish though.

I also always try to keep in mind the possibility I'm wrong though. That's why I'm not definitively saying I'll buy at 9.2k if we make it back down there. I probably will, but we'll see.
Personally I'm trying not to put *too* much faith in any medium term formation/line that includes before the BGD, since to me that point represents a major shift/shakeup of the market. Long term (like the *possible* A&E bottom everyone loves) obviously it's fair to include.

That said, the line I think you're drawing now has 3 touches on it (the latest being on this most recent fall off) so maybe it has some merit. But the time between the first and second touches,  coupled with its steep slope, make me a skeptic.
1X 66% means I essentially have 66% of my entire crypto holdings in USDT on binance / USD on GDAX.

I'm different than a lot of traders in this sub in that I don't use an exchange that offers leverage - Bitmex/BFX aren't available in the US and not a fan of Kraken (but considering it). So I use that tool a bit differently, just as a way for anyone interested to track if I'm bought in or in fiat.

I realize using my entire stack rather than hedging short with a trading stack has tax implications; but the largest investment I made into crypto was by far over the first 6k dump so the clock for long term capital gains isn't being set too far back by trading atm.

Once I'm truly convinced a long term bull run is happening I'll move everything to cold storage. If I feel like continuing to trade I'll start using Kraken or something then.
*Alleged* meeting indeed. As usual the cryptosphere is on fire over what may or may not be a non-event. 
Everyone feared maximum pain a few weeks ago but now they all think it's smooth sailing from here :) Maybe a low $9k pullback or so. Would be crushing to go sub $8.6k 
I'm just waiting for $10k to go down before making a decision. I personally think the r/r is in favor of shorting above $9.8k
if that's whats going to happen i'd keep an eye on futures, he'll certainly also go short with contracts while dumping the coins.  But wont some other whale just scoop the coins up?  So he can do the same thing, lol.


edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
That is probably the prudent response, thanks for the opinion. Working with the exchanges and not torpedoing the space is the right call if they don't want to send innovation in crypto to other countries.

Would be ironic if in Reddit China tomorrow it read: US Bans All Crypto. And by ironic, I mean awful. 
The USA wants to ban cryptocurrency without overtly banning it, so this could be the way they accomplish that.

Or actually it's almost like they want to make it so people in the USA are only allowed to buy through Wall Street brokerages, etc.  It would slow down demand as well as make sure the "right" people make the profits from it.
BTC Explode?  The whole market would crash including BTC if some of these were deemed securities.
I expect it to be chaotic evil.
They sure were bearish AF about a month ago :)

Thanks Sloppy, I'll read through your post history. You in a position now?
If you look at other exchanges every USD exchange has a $100 discount to tether exchanges. FUD incoming or what?
>  there's just barely anyone using the exchange anymore

That is a scary thought.
not for me but I paste it again on a clean line


https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/YRZvdurN-The-target-of-current-bubble-lays-between-40k-and-110k/
[removed]
im not a bear or a bull i just love seeing how wrong most of the predictions in this thread are 
You got it 
Bitcoin is known to be dangerous to many entrenched groups sometimes referred to as "rats".
I guess it just means rat poison multiplied with rat poison. Honestly tho these comments have zero effect on me
That's the same conservative dude that bought 75M additional Apple shares this weekend. So sweet...
It does not actually have an additional meaning beyond "very bad", Buffett is using a nonstandard term.
edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
> Nowadays Bitcoin does not provide that flexibility anymore, so a fiat bank account in Switzerland is enough censorship resistance for my rainy day fund for now.

I think you're twice wrong here. Not only do coins like Ether, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin still allow you to make pseudonymous payments. Monero allows for anonymous payments. 

Secondly, Switzerland isn't that "censorship resistant" anymore as it used to be.

https://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/business/tax-evasion_swiss-say-goodbye-to-banking-secrecy-/42799134
[removed]
He knows more about financial markets and economics than everyone here put together.

But yeah, I'll definitely rather trust a bunch of neckbeards because they 'get new tech' unlike this old man who also happens to be worth $80bn and be the greatest investor of all time.
john mcafee's old and yet we all worship him because he's a shitcoin shillin' superbull so why not leave age out of it.  He's a genius at any age.  How many traders here really understand 'the coin' other than maybe liddy.
Traders don't need to understand.  Green lumber fallacy!



[deleted]
yep. After that double top at 11480 it was shaping up to do the same at high 9s. If it went above 10.1 I would have closed at a reasonable loss. No sense in closing when the resistance hasn't been convincingly broken
and my market sell...

You want off Mr. Bones ride?
Yes, just bought it last week :) But did not start yet 

It's the same with all kinds of growing governments, different "experts" that never have worked in the business they regulate like agriculture, oil or tech. They just do their expensive educations and need to justify themselves. A bit like the church/priests in Europe
To just give an example from today https://twitter.com/Nouriel/status/960549656584433664


I mean who even is this guy? Why does he thinks a decentralized currency without any owner trade on exchanges in 50 or more different countries  can be doing things he knows are illegal in the US. 

Lol, you would think having a "professor" title would mean you had some knowledge about what you write about but it's just appeal to authority here 

I don't think it's even dumb money, it's just people having an opinion because they feel they need to.

Then I feel in the whole Silicon Valley / tech / vegan coffee food whatever-SF community there is a huge misunderstanding what trading actually is
The only ones worth listening to is the guys with skin in the game and an actual position , either trade speculative one or long term hold one. 

That's why I respect anyone here that make consistent calls and admit when they are wrong, regarldess of if they trade with 10$ or 10k $. The  crowd who got lucky buying Verge or somethign else last year is just survivor bias
April 2013 was the worst one imo. That red candle is massive
That was the crash that caused me to shutter my mining operation. 

Hang in there bud, it will go back up. 
Translation: When the market is going up, Sundays are usually up, when the market is going down, Sundays are usually down.

The real question is, is there a significant difference between the candles on Sunday vs. the rest of the week?
The other days have similar statistics IIRC.
All those Korean Christians... 
"And on the seventh day, buyers rested"
The one time I sold on a Friday it went up. 
It's just a dip.
Is this meeting even real? I don't see it on the SEC schedule for tomorrow...
It's a bank.. pretty unlikely they'll be opening a speculative position on the most speculative of assets lol. Can say with 90&#37; confidence they'll be facilitating transactions for their clients and playing the role of a broker 
They said in future they want to sell the "physical bitcoins" as well.
Every time I've sold Bitcoin I've regretted it.  I'm terrible at timing tops. Now I just try to catch the dips and add.  Have been doing very well with that over the past few months.  Way, way up on what I've bought this year and of course on what I've held longer term. 

My little trade pile is just fun money, not very good at trading. Learning a lot here though.  
I don't know if it will happen soon, but I think that whoever has been dumping on us got a fresh supply of coins.  There were some signature dumps in the past 12 hours, and I don't think they're done.
10 years? You must've been well acquainted with satoshi.
As are you.
makes a lot of sense. thanks!
[deleted]
But if you ask nicely, no one will fill you in, or maybe you just get totally shilled.  The best way is to make a purposefully inaccurate statement about what you are curious about, and the well informed know-it-all will come in to stroke their ego and correct you ;)
Thats partly because most altcoin whitepapers are filled with meaningless buzzwords and PR bonanza. I mean, how are you supposed to justify a coin that provides zero value to the wider audience and is just meant to solve some technical blockchain pseudo-problem and be a 95% copy of already existing, equally pointless coin?
The answer I was looking for. I was not actively reading this way. I'll give this method a shot. Thanks, chief.
dismiss if they dont have chinese/russian money laundering whales to pump the price before it goes to 0 in a year 

It's going to bounce and then to the moon!
lol what . Go back 12 hours.
Hahahaha why? Thanks :)
!long XBTUSD close 9650
Oh yea, just thought it was curious. 
Closer to $150. And why not? Selling here makes worse sense. We are going to bounce and a $150 bounce is nothing to scoff at. It's a good scalp, imo.
It could be but i'd be wary of that bear flag we're in rn
There's no bullish divergence. 
8.8k is just the starting point that things might get ugly. 
Makes zero sense 
Large scale wedges only rarely fully play out. Breaking down here is the textbook\-like break out. 

have tight stops in place...
Yeah, I'm thinking the same but asked the herd here as masses of us must have been squeezed today. I'm going to trade the quarterly contract for the next while as it is quite abnormal to see liquidations with this strategy. Less liquidity but also less liquidation!
Nothing better than being on the right side of the market for an 8 hour period and also getting .3750 on top of that.  


So if I short the swap at 25x do I receive 25x of the funding?
Bear trap
!long xbtusd close 9620
Yup got lucky here. But I suck at exits.
Yup
No disagreement there \- I am not at all worried about today's drop, I am wondering whether it was enough ;\-\) And as I wrote, I also think that we will re\-test 10k soon...
yeah we're gonna get a couple more attempts at 3k soon

Great points \- but the bull divs are on shorter time frames, aren't they?
Why 8.9k? I can see a lot of candles closing daily candles closing at 8.9k \(either as resistance or support\) but it seems to cut a lot of wicks? What are the indicators you are looking at for this support area, if any?
eth is a sell the news

You think ETH won't be ruled a security then? Expand on why not if you don't mind.
I know we're debating on 2 alts here, but these two can determine the entire crypto world here. So mods...

On that note, both ETH and XRP have inflated in price. I'm a bit jittery about it honestly. Also read somewhere that the SEC have already taken potshots at the whole security business...
Neither. Just means people like to gamble
apparently most people on mex don't, either...

it means they're impatient and want to follow finex over gdax/stamp.

The reason funding rates are so high is because finex has a premium over the two exchanges mark price is based off of on bitmex (gdax + stamp / 2)

it's not necessarily a bullish sign, it's just a sign that people don't mind paying funding rates out the ass so they can hold a long on swaps
Usually bearish, it means everyone is long and that it is expensive to long.

100 % correct.
Yes it's frustrating, but then again, nothing has killed me more over the years than letting a losing position move too far against me.   I did the right thing by covering some of it, but I should have reshorted on weakness.  That was my mistake.

Many of the alts are selling off now and the big SEC/CFTC meeting is on Monday and seems like better to have a short position before that, which is what I'm trying to do (unless I get shaken out again).  But of course could easily take out $10K before then.
Good job.  I get shaken out too easily sometimes, but I just try to cut my losers quickly.  But of course ends up killing a lot of eventual winners.
I didn't expect the price to get to $10K and so far it hasn't.  I expected it to be a local top right below $10K.

I shorted at about $9900 but got shaken out of some of that position and then added to it lower.  I just covered a little at $9650 but should have covered more and then reshort higher.  I am not very smooth with that.
FINISH HIM!
> I'm surprised that you would be comfortable with that counterparty risk

Yes Poloniex has a bad reputation and most of that is well earned by them.
Well, I trust Poloniex more than Bitfinex, that's why. P:

Not looking good though since I just randomly got IP banned right after I chucked in the last of my coins for some extra lending money. :/
I think thats a nice idea. I just got in as well. to hedge my short im planning to leave for the mid term. 
ETH broke the downtrend first. "Lead" doesn't have to mean caused, but if it's a predictive indicator, it's useful.
There's another point farther back that's right before BGD, however relevant

https://www.tradingview.com/x/JjJYBda1/

Adjusted the line slightly from the original but it's meant to be a zone more than a precise line anyway
I'm very sleep deprived and could be wrong but i'm fairly certain we just made a new weekly candle a few hours ago.
Started Friday or so. Its a new bot to record the open positions in a web page. The bot should have replied with the link, although it got recorded in the database.
i missed a few obvious trades, i saw them too, but didn't act.  other more nimble traders capitalize on them.

Everyone got quiet on the forum and i knew they were putting in their shorts.  

It broke out to like 9700.. did anyone seriously believe it was going to continue up through 10,000 all of a sudden.  haha.




I wanted to short last night (Europe here), but I didn't  because Kraken was a lot lower already. It looks like that Bitifinex is solely trying to keep the price of BTC up, other exchanges are dropping hard. 
Sorry, but what is BE ?

Or we shoot to 10.1k by tomorrow evening?

There's equal likelihood of hitting 9k as they're of getting to 10.1k

I'd argue higher likelihood of 10.1 given bullish price momentum over the last week. 
It's irrational to market sell large blocks when there are OTC brokers that can get you a better price.
A 2000k coin dump is done to spook the markets.  9k is going to prove a tough cookie to break down below though.  Too much good progress over the past few weeks.  
Google trends is a lagging indicator, and not particularly helpful in predictions.  Charts show we are ready for a move up.  Part of my analysis is based on the life story of Jesus Christ being played out via Bitcoin charts.
do you google often about cats? Or do you know what a cat is already?
You cannot rely on Google trends when most people already know about Bitcoin.

Pick something else though:

https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?q=Verge%20Pornhub

https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?q=EOS%20Crypto

Depending on your bias, you can selectively make Google trends fit in to anything.

(Rule check mods - is this ok)?
Haha. One comment that is only sorta similar is not "repeatedly." And since that first comment I have become more than confident that this is just one huge bear trap. 
[deleted]
Have you ever heard of "slippery slope"?   Putting a gun to ETH's head and pulling the trigger is not ultimately good for BTC.
More than that from the local ATH. But I think the selling is just starting. Think we will head lower till tomorrow morning. 
I think everyone started drinking Friday afternoon, in that case.
If it hits $10K, it is extremely unlikely it will drop immediately back down.  It's more likely to spike to $10,200 or so before pulling back, and testing $10K again as support.
You can see them pretty clearly on the charts. Fib levels seem to be reliable. Bulls are fighting for every inch, ATM.
Im predicting a slow and steady climb over the next few months. Possibly some dips along the way, but I think we will be seeing more and more positive news in 2018 and the price will show that. Im long though, buying on dips, but holding everything I have. I believe in Blockchain and the companies that are developing around this technology. I think it’s the future so I’m very bullish. 

Slow and steady though. $10k seems tough to get through, but once we do and we consolidate and get support over $10k, I think it’s off to the races.
I think it will be breaking news on CNN and CNBC
That line is too steep to be held for long. I'll worry if the lower one is broken (although i drew it a bit differently, but i'm on mobile now so i may rethink it when i get to the laptop) 
I have 2 lower support lines, both ascending. Still think we're going up, just trying to find a good entry point.
If we go below 9200 i'll reconsider. 
Why? Because I just closed a short on the right side of a $300 drop.  

Last time we went under even $9500 was May 4th.  

We are still in a bull market for me, this dip will be bought and we will be knocking on $10k by tomoz. 
Something is wrong here
And what happens in January? Chinese New CME Futures banning crypto?
5. "Why is the market not crashing any more, I waited through all those price levels"
Im a little surprised by this dump. I feel like a 9800 retrace was in order, but 9500 seems exaggerated
[deleted]
Yes, I'm probably over analysing. And yes, I'm definitely keeping an eye on the A&E on the daily chart.
Looking him up on google seems to do with everything about his character. 
Nouriel Roubini. A guy in the last daily thread people were talking about whom was "permabearish" on Bitcoin.

Mm.. food 
Yeah true, I forgot that you only get upvoted for saying moon in this sub.
many of us in the freest country on earth aren't allowed to...
I want it to go up overall, because if it keeps going down, it is party over for all of us.  The speculators will leave and the volume will drop and just will be daytraders left with not much to do.

A bull market is where you get the most volatility and insanity and profits.
No, not every downvote, but would it hurt for some discussion? I come here to read other people's ideas and share my own. To me, downvotes are for spam, low quality, etc., not just because you don't agree with what someone else is saying. 
I'm downvoting just to pile on now lol.
even tho i agree with what he says.
I'm hoping for some early fud tomorrow to cause some real panic then all in long


This also qualifies as a rule 1 violation. I get that it's a joke... But I just lifted your ban.
A 100K BTC market sell would flash crash the price of BTC so far below $8k. Possibly triple digits low.
Also watching that line, there is a less steep one around 9200 but not putting much trust on that. 
yeah i know, I commented about someone else stating a position only after it was well in the green, and now i'm doing the same thing myself :) anyhow its just to try out the bot and keep account, my trades are for small amounts anyway (compared to what I guess is the average here).


Of [u/YaZahra](https://www.reddit.com/u/YaZahra)'s last **9** posts and **265** comments, I found **0** posts and **126** comments in cryptocurrency-related subreddits. Average sentiment (in the interval -1 to +1, with -1 **most negative** and +1 **most positive**) and karma counts are shown for each subreddit:

Subreddit|No. of posts|Avg. post sentiment|Total post karma|No. of comments|Avg. comment sentiment|Total comment karma
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
r/CryptoCurrency|0|0.0|0|2|0.13|55
r/eos|0|0.0|0|1|0.0|0
r/BitcoinMarkets|0|0.0|0|122|0.04|71
r/btc|0|0.0|0|1|0.0|2

***

^(Bleep, bloop, I'm a bot trying to help inform cryptocurrency discussion on Reddit.) ^| [^About](https://www.reddit.com/user/cryptochecker/comments/7q3jum/faq_about_ucryptochecker/) ^| [^Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=cryptochecker%20bot) 
http://prntscr.com/jelyov
/u/cryptochecker


Yeah I read this comment and next thing I know I'm mashing the 'market buy' button on BCHBTC on GDAX. Snapped out of it before any real damage was done.
Did you lose all your karma and half your IQ points? Because that's what happened to me.
Because Rus doesn't wakeup until 8:21, and he wanted to buy
I mean we *could*. But I'd hardly call crypto a "normal market" and while there's surely a bunch of noobs naked shorting I'm sure there's a bunch of noobs using overleveraged longs too. It's important to point out expecting another "BGD" is kind of unrealistic after a long climb up with the long:short ratio being so much more in favor of longs compared to the conditions that led to that particular squeeze.

The long short ratio hasn't been crazy in favor of longs this entire bear trend and there's been very few short squeezes, I'm not really expecting it to start now.
How can stop be breakeven if you are already in a 2% loss?   I just find stop losses that people use to be interesting.  I try to keep mine to 1 or 2% and other people will put theirs 8% away at resistance or support, which seems crazy but then again they sometimes hit home runs and make 30% on a trade when I rarely get more than 5% out of it.
For years he didn't invest in tech in general because he didn't understand it.  He isn't in biotech either right now and that, in my opinion, is just as big potentially as crypto.  He made his money in classic industries like insurance, news papers and famously a&w rootbeer stands.  Not exactly cutting edge stuff, but people still heed his advice on emerging industries.
yup exactly, but I don't see the reason of dumping btc, it's not like we're affected by any outcome from the alleged meeting
Yeah if everyone is calling for "maximum pain" and they mean that the price is going to drop (and they're likely short) then the market is probably going to inflict "maximum pain" on the bears and rek some shorts instead.

Especially considering how many other nations would take the opposite stance and beat us at, what we thought was our own game: tech innovation.
they want to co-opt it

That could still be said to be Bitcoin exploding.
hahahaha

in linear? or log 
I know lol which is why I'm hesitant to think it's going to be good at all...if they're classified as securities I think it's bad for the whole space, but it's possible bitcoin explodes because of it
Yeah, it actually got me thinking. The volume is pretty low compared to what it was before. I remember thinking sub 20k was low volume back when we were at 5 digit prices, so fiat volume was significantly higher. Does this mean people are just hoarding their btc while they watch it do its thing? Or did they all sell and get out and prices are inflated for the time being? 

Or does volume really not matter *that* much?


Works that way for me, thanks 
since you're predicting 10k, 8.8k incoming since most predictions are wrong?
Oh if it is that simple then okay. Thought it was more than that. 

> Honestly tho these comments have zero effect on me

Same here. It's just another fancy headline with Warren's opinion about BTC, that probably everyone knows already, in it.


What is so bad about Apple share?
They were bought over the course of Q1 2018. The report came out over the weekend. 
That confused the hell out of me. Thanks for clarifying 
you don’t get my point. The shitcoins are subject to the same kyc.

you cant buy bread with Crypto aside from a few niche shops

tax evasion is illegal, so not the kind of censorship resistance im looking for
[removed]
He's a great traditional investor, but he literally hasn't made a good tech investment in his life. If I were investing in railroads, I'd be happy to listen to him. Just not on tech matters.
that's the usual meme
nouriel is a permabear who kept saying short the dow from 6600 to 10000 before they finally stopped showing him on CNBC.  Following his advice cost me a lot of money.

roubini is worth like a million $.. WOW.  for a guy who can get free airtime and move markets he managed to make 1 MEEELION dollars. and he's not married, and is a teacher, so he has zero expenses.

Novogritz, a bitcoin bull, has 250 mil in crypto alone.

$32 to $2 is the worst dump I think btc has ever had. would be $20k to $1250 today
Not in terms of % drop afterwards.
Yeah, if you take all 53 weeks together, it's 47% red, which appears to be random. I'm going to look into this stuff some more until I find a trend. It's possible.
There's actually a boatload of Korean Christians, especially when comparing to China and Japan. 
Korean sabbath was 24 hrs ago.
B O G G E D
Neither do I. Can't find it on a Google search either.
their clients will then brag to everyone how they're invested in physical bitcoin.. and that we just have worthless numbers on a ledger.
then GS lobbies to ban the 'digital bitcoin' in favor of the US backed physical bitcoin.


I've only regretted panic selling in the beginning when I got into crypto. I never completely sell everything anymore, though I add to and decrease my stack when I see a good chance to lock in some profits, and add when I think prices will go back up (obviously) 

Through experience now it's just risk management for me. I'm not sure if well go up or well go down in the short term, therefore I decrease my position. If we go up, great, I make a bit less but I'll take it. If we go down, also great, I lose less and will be able to buy more at a lower price. 

This is all super obvious so I have no idea why I'm writing this. haha, sorry I'm drunk. 

edit: Contribution self-removed due to over-zealous moderation. 31 day ban for single use of a benign word with 10 upvotes of communities agreeance. Unlike the army of trolls who evade these bans I will not be contributing any further. Race to the bottom.
you are a genius

I know right... The bitcoin whitepaper is easy to read if you a little technically inclined but some of the other whitepapers (I'm looking at you IOTA) are just there to confuse the shit into people so you think your giving your money to someone smarter than you which gives people some level of confidence that really shouldn't be there.
There’s also a YouTube series from Princeton or some shit on bitcoin. It starts at the beginning: cryptography. Understanding this and what a block chain actually is... is pretty sweet. It really helps paint a picture of just what’s going on in this space and gives you a backdrop to frame other projects against. 


I got through one video before my brain was melted wax. 
On a Sunday?  
low volume selling in continutation of a downward channel means theres no buyers, it could BRD
it's not a sign of a reversal.  Your TA is pure hopium lol.
We want to see some accumulation/churn here at 9400.


You’re optimistic on the bull side, yet add a bit of bear touch. 

And you call out people on the spot, respect x10
!short XBTUSD 9650 1X 66%

Moved 2/3 to fiat.
* Invalid leverage: must be between 0 and 100


It never got there right..? my reasoning was that it doesn't make sense to hold it out for that and sell once it surpasses $9700 again 
Nice point, better watch out for now which direction this will break
It is a dam strong horizontal . 70% of my decisions are based on those. 
yea, I mean that's part of why futures are at such a high premium lately, smart people don't want to long on swaps while we go sideways

the move over the past couple weeks really should have been short swaps and long futs. huge position size. free unleveraged 8-10%...

could've doubled a stack by going 10x on swaps and futs short/long
Yea it's pretty fucking sweet. 0.375% is just ridiculous. Very happy I left my swaps open this entire time
[deleted]
Yes. You get funding depending on position size. If you have 1 BTC and short 100 btc worth and funding rate is 0.1%, you get 0.1% of 100 btc, so 0.1 btc. 

So really funding rates are 10% of your margin size since you're 100x 
It appears I was correct 
Silly wishful bear. 
Yeah I see the bull divs on the 1h. 
I think it's a psychologically important point where people will think, "Under $9k, I'm pulling the trigger." Kind of a tepid FOMO. New money tends to enter in x.9 ranges.

Clarify: new money enters after a swing down to an x.9 range. On the way up, it triggers profit taking.
1) A guy doing a report on a SEC meeting (for CNBC) said that the regulators are open minded and are looking at ways not to stifle progress in this space.
2) They are probably clueless about how the tech really works and are easy to mislead
3) Coinbase did not list XRP for fears of XRP being a security, but they listed ETH. They brag how they try to be the most compliant exchange and are working tightly with the SEC.

Again these are just speculations. In truth my feeling is that they are not declaring it a security and that the rally we've seen a few days ago was caused by insiders cashing on this news
So many here forget that cryptocurrency is the enemy of the Big Banks and Wall Street.  And who do you think owns the gov't, including the SEC?   
I don't see how that can be inferred from the situation. How does a coin with half the market cap, significantly worse liquidity and network effect than Bitcoin lead? Don't forget that it also fell more than Bitcoin from ATH and its ratio is still not anywhere near ATH. Claiming that ETH is affecting Bitcoin's price seems like a stretch based on the information available, unless I'm missing something.
Which chart are you looking at? \(I'm on Bitfinex which still has 2 days to close the weekly candle\)
Oh interesting. I'd imagine bot responses would be a nuisance of spam in this sub. 
I got shaken out of some of my short on the bull trap to $9950.  Just poor trading of me not to reshort right after that on weakness, but I still had one of the largest short positions of my life, going into the drop.  So I screwed up, but not totally.
Break even 
Check again... but yes Bitcoin could find support anywhere. But from a TA perspective, there was a pullback coming.
Maybe they're lazy
I didn't see the 2k sell my bad 
This was more than 2000 coins.  It looks like they dumped over 1000 on GDAX alone.  I bet they have at least 50K BTC left, and they will sell it over the next few days... then run out of coins again and watch the market resume its upward direction like incompetent villains in a comedy.  Personally, I've been waiting for a few weeks for a good dip like this. Will buy at $8,800 and $8250 if we get there. 
Lmfao what stage of Jesus life is this? Is he rising from the dead or being escorted to his crucifixion right now?
The vast majority of people still have never heard of bitcoin.
you got married to your comment. except we don't know what is what rumor/news.
But your argument is not based on anything tangible, it's just unsubstantiated conjecture. Useless, and the fact that you're repeating it over the span of an hour or so makes it more useless. Take this shit over to /r/CC or /r/ETHtrader.
> the local ATH

What does that even mean
Just normal profit taking right now...why would people sell the rumor today instead of yesterday? We pumped all last week...

if the news is bad tomorrow alts will dump very hard
The daily sees most activity when price is falling, amirigh?
This except I think 10300 lil bit high
$9200 is a good support area to cover a short or go long.  If it drops too far below it, then all bets are off.

We may not see $10K for many months (or longer) after all, but too early to call.
I mean why does this week make it, even if we consolidate here before we get to 10k it doesn't invalidate a bull run.  We need to consolidate at some point on the weekly what difference here or in a week.  I am wondering your reason this week specifically is make or break.  I am still relatively new to crypto, not trading but crypto and I am just trying to learn the nuances of it.
The add command is to add to an existing position and averaging entries. Did you have any open position? 
Annual dip.

On a serious note, nobody knows? Much of it is news driven too, so any news that would alter fundamentals of course will "fuck our shit up". 

Though normally Q1 is the slump season, summer/fall is bull season. 
I'm a bit surprised here too. I kinda thought 9700 ish seemed reasonable. Breaking under 9.2 for me would certainly signal that perhaps more downside is on the way over the coming days.

I hope a lot of people aren't about to learn another Bitcoin lesson soon... If we fall back deep into the 8s and even lower, well...
Because it's obviously big orchestrated market dumps, and the only reason to do that is because you have more money than brains and an irrational hatred of Bitcoin.

I would guess Warren Buffett, the most overrated investor in history. is involved.  He's been yapping off about Bitcoin a lot lately.  He's been wrong for years.  He's wrong now.  At least this time he's putting his money where his mouth is and giving a lot of it to smarter people.
[deleted]
>Nouriel Roubini. A guy in the last daily thread people were talking about whom was "permabearish" on Bitcoin.

It's entertaining to hear extreme views from those with his history, but i don't see anyone really caring or basing trades based on what Nouriel thinks. There was one comment with no upvotes and a handful of replies about it in the last daily and you're the only one talking about him in this one... 
[deleted]
Moon.
Hahaha, Assuming you're from murica... Made me laugh thanks so much. Cant wait to share with the lads down the local later. Haha
>many of us in the freest country on earth aren't allowed to...

Political drama regarding "free-est country in the world" and the war on freedom aside, Americans are allowed to short bitcoin via CME and CBOE futures. 
Dude, you said the bull market "might" be over.  That gets you downvoted here.  Plain and simple.  When you speak the truth about such things, you hurt the feelings of a lot of desperate holders and longs and they downvote.
haha, thanks for proving my point :P
Oh is that all, just a ~$900,000,000 market sell? lol.
Thanks for reminding me to set some absurdly low limit buys
It would be a flash crash though.  A million coins a day are changing hands most days now.  I'm curious to know why the OP thinks there will be a "real" dip.  Even somebody wanting to sell 100K coins (and that is hypothetical because nobody is going to sell that many) wouldn't have more than a temporary effect.  The market's going to do what it wants to do.
10K BTC on GDAX would clear the order book down to 3000$

This is crazy. 
If you are going to sell a large amount you wouldn't market order unless you were intentionally trying to get less money for your coins or attempting to crash the market. 
A very risky proposition given that there may be hidden buy walls that could eat up your coins for cheap and you just wasted all your coins. 
So looks like /u/YaZahra is very well received on /r/CC and not well receive on this sub. I think that tells you all you need to know about the guy.
Of [u/ellahammadaoui](https://www.reddit.com/u/ellahammadaoui)'s last **12** posts and **1000** comments, I found **11** posts and **997** comments in cryptocurrency-related subreddits. Average sentiment (in the interval -1 to +1, with -1 **most negative** and +1 **most positive**) and karma counts are shown for each subreddit:

Subreddit|No. of posts|Avg. post sentiment|Total post karma|No. of comments|Avg. comment sentiment|Total comment karma
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
r/BitcoinMarkets|0|0.0|0|919|0.04|2396
r/Bitcoin|10|0.02|15|27|0.0|61
r/CryptoCurrency|0|0.0|0|19|0.13|49
r/ethtrader|0|0.0|0|2|-0.1|5
r/btc|1|0.0|0|24|0.08|12
r/Buttcoin|0|0.0|0|6|-0.02|17

***

^(Bleep, bloop, I'm a bot trying to help inform cryptocurrency discussion on Reddit.) ^| [^About](https://www.reddit.com/user/cryptochecker/comments/7q3jum/faq_about_ucryptochecker/) ^| [^Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=cryptochecker%20bot) 
It was a flat out mental regression for me that’s for sure. It feels like looking back on your teenage years when you brought your iPod and earbuds to family vacations, so much cringe. 
crypto is unique in that it has the long squeeze AND short squeeze, lol.. good point.  It's a market for apes.


How am I in 2% loss? I'm in the green right now, this is a futs trade they are currently at 9908. 

Swaps fees will eat any long alive right now which I think is one reason swaps are trading so far under finex ATM. 
Can I invest in biotech? 
buffet not understanding some area of business is about equivalent to a forum jockey having a phd in that business.

look buffetts a tactician and a technician.  He may not know tech as well as an elon musk but his thinking is very techincal.  He doesn't like ponzi coin because it produces no returns, so you cant do a DCF analysis on it.
It's like investing in a bag of quarters.. i mean you either pray they become collectible or watch them depreciate in value.


The maximum pain thing is silly imo, people gonna get rekt either way lol 

even if it goes straight to $14k, it'll dump to like $11-12k and people will buy the top and sell the bottom and get shrekt 
Well, if it's chaotic evil, it's obviously going to be in linear, of course.
Possible on the bitcoin thing,  I would tend to think money flees to fiat, but what do I know. 
Less volume is less people in the market which is less demand, which is not good if you are long.  
Think it’s a combination of the hodl même and the fact that other exchanges like Binance offer much more pairings. People like to gamble on Alts currently and GDAX doesn’t offer that, resulting in many people leaving for binance. 

The discount also has me weary though...
I’d believe it’s because people buy and sell less. When I started I’d make a dozen trades within 10 minutes. Now it’s barely 10% of that. Yes I’d say it’s less people using the exchange but I also think the majority of traders have matured a bit more instead of selling/buying in succession 
maybe
In this case he's not "most" but "one", so...
we need price prediction polls.. price of bitcoin dec 31 2019

Faillure to grow past years. Market is saturated and they now want to focus on services to grow further. Will be difficult challenge with the established competition. 
So legal bank account blockades are okay for you? I don't like them. If I do something illegal, arrest me and put me on trial. I don't like these seemingly random bank account freezes (or closures, or transfer delays) that are never explained.
[removed]
he invests in sh*t wilford brimley would invest in
he's a pimp.

i have nothing against permabears per se, but then they need to be right, not emotionally attached to the social signaling of being right
Yeah, I'm talking strictly about that first candle. $260 to ~$45 in one candle is just plain brutal. I'm not sure if those are 3D or 1W candles, but regardless...
Campaigns of misinformation consistently fail to thwart Bitcoin.
To the moon Alice, to the moon.
I'd like to see some accumulation anywhere, to be honest. In my opinion, we've not seen accumulation since around 2-3 weeks ago. Low-volume-manipulated pumps and dumps. Our real price is probably closer to $8k or sub-8k. Who knows, I could be completely wrong!
No. The way i see it the bears have not even tried seriusly to break the crucial level of 9.4 in a moment of uncertainty.
I agree. Consistent, low volume selling always brings more red.
!short XBTUSD -sl 9800
Bot you're drunk, go home. 
So you guys put your money at Bitmex, use it for lending and earn 4+% ?  What is the catch?
When you actually do the arbitrage maths though:

Current prices 9790 (Jun29)- 9479 (Perp).

So contango of $311:  311/9479*100=3.28%. At 10X leverage that means, at best 32.8%, so not quite doubling your stack ;-)
I don't think there used to even be a cap on it or was much higher.  I remember some days a couple of years ago when it was well above 1% for eight hours.  

Of course it just takes longer to unwind now with multiple .375s when it gets to that kind of imbalance.  There were three or four days of them, back to back, in December last year.

hows it calculated, basically the premium / 3*365?

You are saying that when the price was moving up quickly, it wasn't "reasonable" to be short and then when it dropped hard, it was?   Yes what an insightful observation.


And now it appears that I am 
So are you saying ETH isn't but XRP is? Or at least as per price actions and Coinbase decisions? 


commodities and properties dont need to be regulated as strongly because there's no counterparty risk or contractual agreements.  Securities come with promises, property is just posession = ownership.  The SEC would just get in the way - there's no need for them.

The biggest risk for commodities/properties is simple theft.

I don't see anybody arguing that there's a causal relationship. There might be one, but it's not in the tweet or sweetcake's comment.

There's a *correlation*. So if there's a clear signal in one chart, then it may apply to the other.
Weekly closes on Monday 0:00 UTC, which was 3 hours ago.

This is the standard that everyone uses.
I like the bot, but I think maybe it would be best if it were confined to a specific on-going thread in the subreddit, rather than people posting their positions here in the daily.  I like the daily for the discussion and TA, without having to filter through the position postings without any discussion attached to them.
Its something i'm working with the mods team. Some changes are already sent by PM, but some are useful being posted as comment.
It is.
Bot owner removed response if your post is too short.  Spam is supposed to be put in reply to mod comment.
why oh why would you cover before 10000$ haha

I see, no closing at break even is in my opinion an amateur way. Either the market goes down below 9400-9200 levels or it will again try 9900. To close at my level then and not for the next 10k test would be premature
Nearing his ascension to heaven which will be represented a sudden and large rise in price.
He's talking about the apparent (is this actually confirmed) SEC meeting tomorrow, which will ostensibly deal with whether ETH and other ICOs are securities (hint: they are). Not sure what this has to do with Bitcoin because Bitcoin is most certainly not. 
[deleted]
It DID start dumping yesterday though. I think selling the rumor started then. 
dont get trapped in those illiquid alt futures unless you're just taking small positions


Volitility.
Just a feeling I get having been here a while. 
I know, I increased leverage by 0.5x
If your thesis is correct, the bull run of summer/fall would take us to well over $80k. The subsequent bubble pop would bring us to a low of ~$10-15k.

Again, when is $5k supposed to happen? I don't see the trajectory.
I think a lot of people are, but I didnt expect it after 9750 fell with conviction yesterday

time will tell
Hey Mike, do you still have your short open from 9.6?
We'll see I suppose. I don't expect anybody to acknowledge this post when the price falls though.
Yes, as long as Wall Street and Legacy Banking get their cut, then it's all good.
its difficult though, the margin requirements are nuts 40k/BTC on IB, and the other brokers aren't as good.
if you are a permabear you can find some that will give you like 1.33x leverage.
overall i think theres more $$ in bullishness so i stuck with IB they give you 2:1 on longs



Also, you can short on 1fox but their order book is thin
lol, what's worse is that I didn't even say the bull market is over. Just a temporary set back. I think we'll make a higher low in the next week or so and get right back to it. But again, I don't really care about the downvotes so maybe that's why they are doing it, just for fun lol. 
Sometimes Satoshi needs a thousand lambos.
Hah not saying it'd ever happen, but the notion that the market would absorb it at $8k is a little off.
[removed]
Today there was a post where OP said that a user on r/bitcoin was making death threats against Roger. The claim is ridiculous and a number of people, including myself, noted how the post was a complete mischaracterization of the comment and libelous. Of course, the vast number of subscribers refused to listen and eventually each comment devolved into a broken-record of phrases like [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/8hevlq/rbitcoin_user_suggesting_that_someone_one_day/dyk8k51/). No joke, it seems Roger or someone has trained commenters to repeat this phrase. I've come across this multiple times, where a user just starts responding over and over with this same exact phrase. Definitely not a cult though!
Ok I was thinking about swaps..  My bad there and my poor reading comprehension.
Of course, there is a ton you can research.  I like MYL, REGN, and AMGEN for the biggest biotech companies.  I am really high on CRISPR though and think it is the future so anything really dealing with that like CRSP, NTLA and EDIT.  Some names to get you started on your rabbit hole.
He isn’t some super natural being that knows all. He is an old man with old man blind spots. He had them with internet companies and he has them with biotech and crypto. It is a thing he thinks he should understand but doesn’t so writes it off as a fraud. That’s cool for him and he has every right to say and think that but it doesn’t make it true. 

Anyone that blindly follows anyone else without question is an ideologue and in my opinion an extremist. I am not so far up bitcoins ass to not question it either. I agree there are fundamental questions yet to be answered but I don’t think it is rat poison and Buffett has been wrong enough times in the past to not take his word as gospel. 
Maximum pain isn't really the right word. Squeezes and fake outs do happen though. It's not so much that the market is driven to inflict 'maximum pain' as much as it's people close and open at the wrong time. Risk and capital management issues. If there's a consensus that *9.6k*, for example, is 'strong' support and the price dips to 9,525, that's maximum pain if lots of longs closes and shorts opened in the 9,600 range. If even the venerable chewtoy flips multiple times over the space of a narrow range, that's 'maximum pain'. 
this type of thing happened to me routinely when I first started trying to trade bitcoin.
Hahahaha of course
Less demand but also less supply. The question is really "did more buyers leave or did more sellers leave?". Our most recent ascent has been pretty inelastic. 
If only you hadn't made that prediction...
wtf are you talking about. clearly you arent holding any aapl stock, or you would be singing a different tune. I've seen nothing but growth since 07.  almost doubled in the last 2 years. was there a tiny dip a few years back, yeah, but everyone got hit at that point in time, so who cares.
That does not happen in Switzerland if you are not a US person.

When you get arrested for something illegal, your funds are accessible to you from prison.

Switzerland is literally perfect in every way imo
Lurker here. L14dy and a few others helped tanking the quality of this sub tremendously. to the point that I just stick my head in every week or so and mostly leave disgusted.
[removed]
Unlikely. We just didn’t have the gas this weekend. Very close though.  I think after we get some clarity from the SEC on Monday people will feel more comfortable putting in more.  If good news comes out of it we have a really good chance at 10k next Thursday or Friday. 
lot of accumulation at 6500 and 8k, since then all trader games.


next support moving average

and there's the BRD

1. counter party risk: putting your btc on bitmex.
2. market moves against you significantly, wiping out any gains you made from the funding rates on the position. If we blew past $10k I would be at a net loss but since we have gone sideways with these funding rates for about a week I've just accumulated btc.
3. the funding rates eventually turn against you or just go away

also I'm not using it for lending, I actually wanted to short, I just kept it open because funding rates are ridiculous. I should've bought on GDAX and shorted an equal amount on bitmex a few days ago like I said I would because it would've been a free 2-3% on that, plus the inevitable +1-2% when gdax eventually finally closes the discount from finex
funding rates for me will have been 4.5% in the past week or two, so that's another 45%! 77.8% is close enough :P

My point was hedging swaps with futures would've made you almost 100% return with very little risk
not sure of the exact formula but mark price is calculated upon gdax + bitstamp average. the difference between that and index price (bitmex price) is the funding rate I think. so when the price difference between gdax + stamp to bitmex price is like 0.5% the funding rate maxes at 0.375% 
Well either way its a clusterfuck type situation so asking meaningful questions is meaningless.
[https://imgur.com/a/HnBa6Zb](https://imgur.com/a/HnBa6Zb) \(number at the bottom is time until candle closes\)

Maybe it's because I'm in Taipei or cryptowatch does some crazy things, not sure.
You should also create a separate account for the bot.
I disagree with you.  I did the right thing to cover at about $9850.  The mistake I made was not reshorting at around $9920.


Only if you wanted to risk closing to opening lower. 
Did you take into account the Harrowing of Hell?
You're preaching to the choir.

I already had this guy labelled as an ETH shill, though I can't remember exactly why.
but....why would we pump so hard before...? the news didn't come out yesterday. the "rumor" has been out for a long time
! Long Xbtusd -lev 1.5x

I have no idea where you're getting these numbers from, nor do I see why you need a 5k price to happen. I'm merely stating normally a bearish trajectory in Q1 without a fixed target, and during summer price **normally** takes a more bullish trajectory. Basing price increases and retraces based on previous movements is misplaced apophenia in my opinion. 
I was really surprised that I was seeing a lot of folks mention 10k was only psychological resistance. Last time we were first around there it was really strong (until when it fell through - then it was like an open doorway).
>Hey Mike, do you still have your short open from 9.6?

$9693, yep. Earned over 1.5xbt in funding rebates so far. 
[removed]
bill gates is an 'old man', so is john mcafee too

No that's not the question. Less trading doesn't mean less supply of BTC.
Congratulations on your aapl stock doubling, well done. Yes the stock price grew alright, and now what analyst worries is the revenue and market position does not grow. iPhone market saturated? They need to come with new products/services to grow (read: non-iphone)
Yes there is chewtoy and synapse, etc who are excellent and then there are some others who are the parallel opposite.  
Correct. Plus the assertion that he "knows how to use" the alts (obv unlike all the other highly technical members of the community), and so knows that they are worthless.

In my opinion if he knew how to use ETH he wouldn't think it was worthless so he probably knows a lot less than he lets on in his comments. Poor boy.
well, that’s like... your opinion man
[removed]
Weren't you originally short from 9700 or so a week ago? Do you still have the same position open, meaning stops above 10K?
The arbitrage trade involves longing XBTUSD and shorting XBTM18, doesn't it?
ok so at bitcoin 10k that's 50$/$37.50 premium.. they do it so arbs will come in and equalize the prices


Not sure, could be a setting. Either way, when people talk about the weekly closing they are almost certainly talking about 0:00 UTC on Mondays.
I have one but it lacks the karma needed to comment here... So until that is resolved, i have to use my main account.
i cant scalp small ranges too much slippage, if you can pull it off, of course its better.


The harrowing of hell happened before his resurrection and caused the dip down to 6425 on March 31st/April 1st. The big green bounce candle from 6425 represented the resurrection.
What rumor?
Because the rumor isn't strong enough to cause too much selling pressure until right before the event. We saw this same exact thing happen right before the last SEC event but the market is healthier now. 
I've added at 9525 which increased my leverage to 1.5x from 1x
yeah it confirms to me we're still in a trader market, they pay attention to lucky numbers and the phase of the moon and our alignment with saturn.

real longs just hodl.  10k should have zero meaning to the value of bitcoin, but to today's bitcoiners it does.


Thanks, that's awesome.
[removed]
You know exactly what I mean don't be pedantic, many older people don't like new technology (you've conveniently pointed out some of the most famous technologists) and Buffett has proven on many occasions that he is one of those people.  You're also cherry picking one part of my argument.

I feel like you replied to my comment to be contrarian and honestly I don't have the desire to have that kind of debate.  If you'd like to have a discussion on the larger points I made sure but otherwise have a lovely day and best of luck in your trades.
But it means less demand? They're parallels. You can have drop offs in volume due to buyers leaving **or** sellers leaving. The price action in either case is obvious. 
they already have a user base larger than Netflix. don't worry about appl, they are just fine.
then ask me to write you a smart contract.

Anything, I can do it.

I have more experience woth ETH than anyone in this sub
Yup since the 24th, it's from $9650 on swaps and I just held thru the whole thing lol 

had stops at like $10150, moved them down to $9950 but then I just removed them entirely when I knew I could sit at my computer for the weekend (lol sad) and saw that btc was going to go sideways while BCH pumped
nooooooo shorting XBTUSD and longing XBTM18. 

The funding rates for me have been 4.5%, futures were basically even with spot when I opened this position at $9650 on the 24th of april. If I hedged my short position with a long futures position I'd make 4.5% from funding on swaps and then another 3% from futures premium. 

7.5% 10x = 75%
Yes it's quite strange that cryptowatch is doing this, it's been years and I've stuck with cryptowatch as my charting tool so I always thought the weird close time was just some bitcoin thing. Glad to know after all this time that that is not the case haha.
ah makes sense.
What's the required karma? Make a thread and I'm betting that gets fixed pretty quickly.
ETH being classified as a security tomorrow 
ehh that seems like a pretty weird interpretation of events
The add command only changes the avg value, the opening value should remain the same. If you add you need to say what stack % you added.
Just need to check if leverage is allowed in the add.
! Long xbtusd add 9525 10% -lev 1.5x
Every market is a traders market. Better that you learn that now.
It's not pedantic.. fact is 'old man' doesnt apply here, buffett isnt like a typical 'old man'  

Buffett isn't part of the 'many older people' bucket like good ol' grampa...  I think if he didnt like investing in technology at 80, he probably didn't like it at 40.  It's a silly thing to focus on. 

Just as I'm sure bill gates at 70 liked investing in tech and at 30 he also probably liked investing in tech.

Tech has a reputation for being highly speculative, that's probably the aspect that buffett doesnt like.  Not that his feeble old brain cant comprehend THE BITCOIN like all the internet forum guys do.



Ok we will agree to disagree on that.
That sounds weird that you'd spend so much time on something worthless.

Why don't you point me to an address of something you've deployed to the mainnet or one of the testnets? I'll take it from there.

I realized your opinion was worthless when you told us that nobody wants to use Bitcoin to transfer anything under $10,000 or some similarly absurd large number.
Oh. I get it now. I've always done a trade like this only once contango was large, and then wait for prices to come into alignment, so the opposite of what you propose. Risk free, but as you say less profit
we base ours off unix time. 0 in unix time is January 1, 1970 midnight, which is a Thursday.
So if I'm already 100% of my stack then how can I add 50% to position? The way you wrote now will work? For me this looks like it'll show that I used 150% of my stack. 
Na, I like to do little programming pearls for fun.
my guess is, if we were in a avionics forum he would tell us that boing knows shit and he knows how to build a plane better.

i know people like that, arguing to you until you grow tired and leave and they can feel like theyve won.

edit: the various bch threads also were an eye opener for me. various names ive known and respected showed that they have a very loud opinion, but know nothing behind it.
Oh yes that makes sense I see what you meant 
If you have 100% used you shouldn't have any value left. When i get home later we can talk better. Now its pool time :) 
So you are the forum's Craig Wright.

You rant about your degrees and your expertise as if that somehow qualifies you for anything but you produce nothing tangible.

Surely you must have a code sample or a gist or a "use case" of your own to share.
or you know... just give me a problem to solve and Ill write you a smart contract.

You know... like an actual proof, rather than some bullshit argument
Im pretty sure I know more about any Crypto than you do
I used 100% of my stack but on 1x lev, so I have a lot left to add.
its ok, you don't need my approval.
no, but would be nice to hear what use cases you’re interested in, and based on that I could write a cool post about it
