Daily Discussion, May 18, 2018 -- TITLE
Some nice support above 7,900, bounce could continue to 8,300 or so. Volume is not that high, so I wouldn't be surprised if it tests support again later today.
Bitstamp is starting to ask some pretty spooky questions. I only recently filled in the KYC questionnaire.

I have been a loyal customer of theirs for years. Suddenly the KYC questionnaire pops up and I'm thinking "fine, I'll fill that in, too". This is bearing in mind I am fully verified. They have my passport, proof of address. You would think that would be enough.

Then they suddenly ask where my bitcoin originate \(mining\), how I heard about bitcoin, how much I am planning to withdraw, how I am planning to use my bitcoin. 

So I'm still thinking "fine, I understand they are getting regulated up the wazoo and need to cover their asses against money laundering". I tried my best to answer accurately, but honestly, it was mostly guess work.

But that wasn't enough either. Now they are asking for proof of purchase of my mining equipment. Like, what? 

So I resisted a bit and asked them if they can at least promise me that it will be enough information once I provide them an invoice for the miner \(no idea if I will even find it\). I also asked them what the consequences are, if I do not provide the information. They just ignored that question in their next communication.

Along with their messages, they keep saying "you are welcome to provide additional \[insert ridiculously private and personal information about wallets and transactions\] and any other information" without specifying exactly what they need and how much of it. So I just simply won't know when this process ends? That is nuts! Nobody has ever asked this much information of me in such a bizarre manner.

ON TOP OF THAT they have now asked me to 'elaborate' on 3 extremely specific transactions I made. To specific addresses. 

Like, how on earth am I supposed to know what that was for? I interact with the bitcoin ecosystem everywhere, like, some random number strings on blockchain don't tell me why I made some random transaction and it's not like I keep a spreadsheet with them in it.

This is extremely worrying and I will immediately move all my funds out of Bitstamp. After this many years of loyalty it seems that I need to find a new home for my Bitcoin trading. This is extremely disappointing.

Has this happened to anyone else?
#🚀🌕
Are we going to manage to stay above $8k today?
What exactly are the factors contributing to this plateau? Do we know? Any guesses?

Seems...suspicious to me that there is all this news about more and more adoption, and the lightning network making everyday use of bitcoin possible, yet the price remains stagnant. It's like someone is able to intentionally stall the rush in order for their pieces to move around. 
1 Bcash = ฿0.146

:)  :)  :)  :)  :)

When this scam is called out, Bitcoin soars.

Let's go boys!

(and ladyboys)	
https://omniexplorer.info/address/3MbYQMMmSkC3AgWkj9FMo5LsPTW1zBTwXL

250mill Tether Printed
Fuck Bart Simpson
When Andreas Antonopoulos on Joe Rogan again?
I'm ready for the next bull run. Shall we begin?
right now, im hoping for another short squeeze. 
Where do you guys think the bottom is? 
Bullish
Now we need a higher high. That would mean something like $8400 for a longer time and/or a peak above $8500.

And we need to break $8340 to break the downtrend.

That would be nice...
Rate my TA 😂

https://i.imgur.com/MD9caon.jpg
[deleted]
Batman is back fuck Bart 
At least they are lubing it up this time and giving it to us slowly.
Was the concept of block chain / bitcoin totally brand new when Satoshi introduced it in his white paper? Or was there some earlier attempts using the idea of public ledger and complicated math for verification?
Think big whales are setting up the shorts over past few days and then wam bam thank u mam
http://segwit.party/charts/ is gone, what can we use instead, to measure current segwit adoption?
We need some bullballs now
As someone who isn't very programmer or technical savy could anyone help me find out what the cheapest and most simple way to run a node and help the Bitcoin network do it's thing without having to learn too much or sink thousands of dollars into equipment? Thanks in advance :)
Pumpy wumpy.
Bullflag forming
[deleted]
**Meanwhile,** over on the naughty step:

*My informant dares visit the bleak and conspiratorial world of Bcash over at r/BTC, on your behalf.*

Here is his report:

Nothing.  Nope.  Nothing.  Just - nothing really.  Just, nothing.  Has Roger stopped pumping Jihan?

Looks like most of the weak hands are out let’s get this goin!
Well I’ll be damned. We finally closed the day with a green candle!
John McAfee must be fking scared right now 
Just got an extra 100$ to spend on crypto! Anyone think I should right now?
[deleted]
Are there any apps I can get on my phone that will notify me when certain cryptocurrencies value rises above a threshold I set? Or any other useful crypto related apps?
Need a whole bitcoin.
Have a little of one, not a lot.
Price is too high.
Cant spare.
Problem.
We got a flat liner someone pull out he resuscitation electrical thingys
rsi looking as good as it did on April 10 on the 1 day chart
when moon Lamborghini
Can’t stand all the idiots that sell because it doesn’t boom while the consensus is happening fuckin idiots a whales not gonna do what you expect
C'mon where is 50k per Bitcoin? 

We'll have to wait for a while...
so every day I'm like... should I sell my alts and buy back lower.... nahhh 

Damn thats the breakout we needed. Fron 8080 to 8100. Cme on bitcoin
now moon?
This thing can bang any moment all it takes is a few whales and we’re back above 9k;)
are the bulls back?
[deleted]
Lower.
Does anyone not look at 6m graphs anymore?  Its doing the same thing as it did back in between feb-march.  Except this time the bottom will be lower.  See you all at 6k.
when moon
Good price.

Going high.
Go see Deadpool 2. 
I don’t get payed till Friday. Hopefully it drops until then. :3
Volume is not that high but it's higher then yesterday which is a good sign hopefully.  I'm very encouraged that we only dipped below $8k for a short time.
> This is extremely worrying and I will immediately move all my funds out of Bitstamp.

I think this is the only proper response. Sucks though, Bitstamp is usually pretty legit. 
try asking this is r/bitcoinmarkets too, you might get more responses. their daily discussion has a lot more traffic 
Are they asking through emails? Be careful about phishing emails.
do not have a scam attempt? precisely check email links and addresses.
I would be worried they are trying to steal your money.

1. Assume you are guilty of something you aren't.
2. Make an impossible series of hoops to jump through to prove.
3. If you can prove it, take an obscene amount of time to respond or not respond at all
4. Freeze your account.
5. Force you to get a lawyer.

It sounds exactly like civil forfeiture laws working against you. 
Any time soon m8  :)

And look at the Btrash price collapse.  This always puts a spring in my step.
I'll see your moon
and raise you two milky ways 🌌🌌
You... you have any of them tickets left on that rocket?
I think we should be able to :)
There is always going to be downward pressure as miners sell mined bitcoin to pay for their operations. So unless there are enough buyers, bitcoin will slowly go down. Now once we get all these institutional investors and new
exchanges , that's when we will likely moon.
We went up too much and too fast last year. Easy as that.
Thank you for being inclusive.
did you just assume my....wait what ?
I wish they would print 500 billion Tether.
In March, 300 Million tether were printed. The price then took a nose dive. Can someone confirm when the last CBOE futures expiration date was? Not the one this week, but the one before? I wonder if there really is a correlation. 
Cool. Should be an exciting weekend then. 
Don't have a cow man 
The date hasn't been announced yet. See here: https://jrelibrary.com/upcoming-guests/
i hope it will have its run not walk.waiting for the right time. in the mean time hold it for a while
Shorts haven't went up since the squeeze because I imagine they're fearful of the same thing happening.
right here. or ~ $7650.

https://i.imgur.com/rMe31pO.png
Bottom is 0.  Top is unlimited.  Their is a limit too how much you may lose, but their is no limit of how much you can win.
that's what she said.
More bullish than the very bull that was awarded the bull of the year prize during the Chinese year of the bull.

(In a tea shop.)
Like the Battle of Agincourt mate.

Perfect.
3/10 - Not enough indicators
ok, thanks, $ 8801 $ for tomorrow, if I read right. cool, 9K for Sunday ;-)
Is there a punchline to this story?

It seems to peter out a bit at the end..

:)
Fuck Bart
Eat my shorts
hahaha
There were early attempts.

https://nakamotoinstitute.org/literature/
Agree. Look at the indicators. Everything is signaling a reversal. Last time stoch double bounded we went up 3k ina very short amount of time. 

Good news for bulls: there is little to no resistance ahead. Most sellers in 8k are gone, aside from those looking to take some small profits along the way.  Path of least resistance is down. Everyone’s waiting for sub 8k, people will get impatient and we’ll take off. 

Bad news:  we might be trading within this range for a few weeks. 
I've set up a similar tool while experimenting with my full node. I've reused some of their javascript but tweaked it a little. It's German but you should be able to use it anyways
https://kaufebitcoin.de/segwit/
I believe the easiest way is to just download the bitcoin core wallet and run that. 
of which year?
Have either of them stopped pumping Xi Jinping?
Yeap.  All the noobs are gone so there's no one buying.
It's probably just a small bite
The chance of getting anywhere near $1 million was always essentially zero. It doesn't really matter whether the price ends up 99&#37; below or 99.5&#37; below.
Will he still be alive?  Every time I see him recently he looks more ill.
RIP McAfees Dick
I believe, we are at the bottom or very close to it. But nobody can be sure.

If you want to play it safe, wait for a higher high and a higher low to establish an uptrend.
Nooooooo. Terrible timing. 
You don't have a servant?  

I get my chap to call me when there is a price move.
Personally i love the app Delta, it's a portfolio and you can set alarms for prices it's great and the UI is also very nice too 5/5
https://bitcoinvolatility.io
Really liking crypto pro for this 
Drakdoo
I got to .75. I feel good about it.  #holdinCoin
Set a little money aside each week to slowly increase your holdings or learn to trade.
You got about a month until you run out of time. Get on it!
> Get me the medicine in here right now!!!
> 
> https://youtu.be/C_AmdvxbPT8?t=34


When grow up.....when moon when moon
yeah hope they get rekt!  the weak should get rekt!
[deleted]
It's their money.

Do you like other people to tell you what to do with your money? I don't think so...
bs, a whale has to surface for air. I fully expect every whale on the planet to surface for air at some point.
Don't worry - I'm buying soon.

To close my shorts :) 
haha.maybe nextyear and next year again. 25k much more possible
more likely 50 cent...
Thats not a breakout
yes!
If anyone is thinking about adding to their position you might consider it now. I saw 150 sitting there on Bitfinex and watched it get taken out pretty quickly.  Thought it was gonna tank. But, whoever it was just put another 120 on the table and there is still some left at 8130 - 5 minutes later.
Or a few whales can decide to cash in and bring it down to 7k.

Equal chance and just as easily.
I’m a tiny bull, but I bought 
no, because no one here has summoned them yet, which is odd as it's getting kind of late
tomato/tomato

potato/potato
Higher
We finished the last correction wave and are starting a new cycle.

6k never again... ;-)

https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/h8Bhc0kS-BITSTAMP-D/
how about 12k
Yeah fuck you and your shorts 
The moon was in December 20\`17. It's already half way back to earth now. Did you forget to get off the ship?
Deadpool is minions for adults
Will I like it, if I didn't like the first part?
It will
I know, this is why I am so shocked they are asking such specific questions. 

It would have been fine if they had told me that I need to keep a precise record of all my transactions. I could have done that easily. But I didn't. 

I wish I had just ignored the form. It seems like a scheme without teeth for the time being. 
Thanks for the tip, I will!
Nope it's in their support system. I have moved all my funds out of the account regardless. I have gone through passport applications requiring less information lol
Nah, I've successfully moved all my funds out of the account now. I am not risking any further correspondence while they have me by the danglies.
Thank you though, you can never be sure enough!

I must admit, in their defense, that they have been quick to respond to all my queries. This does not change that the utter lack of transparency in this process is unacceptable. 

They don't tell you what the consequences of not providing the information are. They don't tell you how long you have to submit the information. They don't tell you what other information might be needed. Like, that's just silly. 

I've moved all my funds and given them one more chance to respond. After that they've lost one (insignificant) customer who won't even begin to make a dent in their margins lol
i like you
itshappening.gif
i think we went down pretty fast too lol
Bingo. Price still needs time to level out. 
Careful what you wish for...
Can we have a bull though?
Looks like a space battle with lasers and point defense cannons and everything.
Very original joke. Never heard it before.
That is a great resource. Thank you for sharing.
i'd like to save my current computer for gaming and i dont want to build an entirely new PC for this, will a raspberry pi be enough so i could leave it on forever and forget about it?
3018
I thought about the same thing. Most probably he don't care as he won't be alive
you think it will go lower? I've always felt that it's always a good time to buy, so I've put in 100-200$ a month every month for the last year and it's done me very well. 
Where can one purchase a servant?
I have the feeling they collect every data about you and your portfolio...
Don’t worry they’ll sell low and buy back high😂
Nice contradiction of yourself 
And here comes Superman.... defending all the depressed sellers.  I don’t give a fuck what they do with there money it’s just ridiculous how many panic babies are in this market
Usually, I don't agree with you. But in this case: Yes, that's what we all signed up for. Free markets. 

If Bitcoin can't handle it, then it's simply not good enough...

But I still trust, that it'll be able to handle it in the long run.
Fish don't need air.  They breathe water.
15k for nows looks like a pipedream.
Ah c'mon...what is so fundamental wrong with it to say 50c is more probable? 🤣
Whoosh!  Right over the head.  :)
Feel the irony.
Nice little bounce. Up $150, beginning with the support noted at 8130
Not as easy as you think with everyone waiting for the dump. We’ll be sideways or up from here for quite some time. 
Same.
Good grammar / good grammar.


let’s call the whole thing off
Averager
Finally someone with brains has replaced the 10k never again guy...by the way he's dead but their might be copycats
That wasn’t the moon 🌙. That wasn’t even past the Troposphere. 
I dunno, do you like gratuitous violence, pop culture references, comic book movies, self depricating humor, Celine Dion, strap on dildos, and characters that break the 4th wall? If not, you'll hate it 😁
Sweet
[itshappening.gif](http://i.imgur.com/Hf1yqgr.gif)  


---
^(*Feedback welcome at /r/image_linker_bot* | )[^(Disable)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=image_linker_bot&subject=Ignore%20request&message=ignore%20me)^( with "ignore me" via reply or PM)

Yeah.  Glad I'm not at the center of that energy burst.  

'Warp 9 Sulu.'

'Aye, aye Sir.'

'Uhura, bring me my brown trousers.'
It's "War of the Worlds".
I have more where that came from.
Dang man, I'm probably gonna be dead by then
The guy loves publicity and is a media whore, he will literally do anything to get coverage.  I hope he's right but I think $1 million by the end of 2020 is a total fantasy, I really hope I'm wrong though.
Yeah over the last year where you experienced incredible gains. 100 today is very little and the market has been trending down. If you have a small amount the goal should be to wait here. 
[deleted]
People have their (note spelling) reasons for selling.

I had to sell some of my portfolio when the price dropped to pay for the funeral of a relative who died in a tragic accident.
Fish actually get air from the water through their gills.
Hard to argue with that at the moment, I think the Bulls missed a huge chance recently by not pushing a little more to get us past $10k comfortably.
If it gets pumped to 12, people will fomo it to 15
Just trying to make a joke, lol. :)
You've got a lot of "wooshes" in this thread, Mr. BCash/Trash. Maybe your aim is off a little bit today? ;) 
Sure, we all heard this one at 17k, 14k, 12k, 11k, 10l, 9k .....
Get it right / get it right.
Sidewayder
The entire cryptocurrency market went up by 4 thousand percent in one year. What more do you want? You already got far more than you could possibly expect.
don't forget that it has half naked supermodels riding on dinosaurs brandishing machine guns while the moon crashes into the earth. If you mentioned that part, i'm sure he would like it :)
no
space might be the final frontier but its made in the hollywood basement. Kids !!
Please no more of that... I’m already cringing
'Probably' :)  Well there's an optimist.
I'll have transferred my consciousness to a blockchain by then.
I already put in my monthly 100$ when it was at 9,000$. We'll see where it's at next month when I DCA in again. 
That’s because your getting your shorts squeezed 
.. Quilt-induced hyperthermia, exacerbated by 50kW of domestic mining rigs.
noted.... well done
Heh.

Whoosh!!!
The bulls and bears aren't set into 2 factions vying for control of the world, its many different people each with their own agenda
no they won't. they already got burned once. most people aren't willing to lose money on the same investement, a second time. although, down in this sub, it seems like people are getting hammered for a third and fourth time but keep coming back.
I know. :)
Lol. Keep holding your breath for sub 6k. Not gonna happen. I’d bet on it if you’re interested. 
Hotel/Trivago
There's something very bullish about this sideways movement though.  Bulls often move sideways.

Bullish!!!
I missed that. Came on board Jan 2018.  But I really think that was just the beginning. Long way up still to go 🌝
watching Bix are we :) 
This sounds more like the movie "Kung Fury" but those dinosaurs had laser beam eyes instead of machine guns. 
Sounds a bit better.
What if it's only about Celine Dion and strap ons?
I mean, yeah I'll take the option if it's presented..but that's a far cry from livin!
Is this real?
Whales aren’t fish. They’re mammals.
Not holding my breath for anything.

All I'm saying is that all these optimistic predictions, whether on this forum or from "gurus" like Tom Lee, have been proven to be horse shit.
Dr Jordan Peterson / SJW logic fail

MCafee / worrying twat
It will go up and down and up and down.

After the tech stock crash of 2000, it took over 15 years for the Nasdaq to fully recover. If you are lucky, you will see a full cryptocurrency recovery in 15 years or so, but I wouldn't count on it. 
Best documentary ever.
My blockchain self will certainly miss some of the niceties of physical existence.  But on the plus side, I'll be able to travel more than ever, and I'll enjoy hanging out in the Red Light District in Decentraland.  

(just don't tell my blockchain wife where I am....if she asks, tell her I've been temporarily time-locked)
Yep.  Simple case of overheating, which I blame directly on cryptocurrency.

To make matters worse, the undertakers tripped over my cables and crashed my node.  It took me 3 days to download the blockchain again.
Whoosh!!!
Wait i thought they were rich people driving Lambos!? 
i didn't want to point that out.felt like low hanging fruit
Same could be said for those calling sub 6k. Nobody knows. 
Bill Cosby / women
Everything happens faster with crypto.  I doubt a full recovery will take more than a year. 
15 years if you are lucky 😭😭 lmao 
You must be new here
2000 wasn't just a crash, it was the collapse of the dot-com bubble.

Tech stocks spiked 10x to 20x in price, it was obviously a bubble waiting to burst.  Just like BTC :)
Im sorry..
They are Lambo mammals duh...
Aristotle thought they were fish, but he was probably the laziest thinker in history.  If he hadn't tutored Alexander the Great, he wouldn't even be a footnote in history.
Looks like I missed the joke so you’re better off.
I'm pretty sure I've been here much longer than the vast majority of people here. This sub is now full of bag holders that FOMO'd in at the top of the bubble.

It looks like you are quite new here \(October 2017\), but maybe you got in just early enough to buy a couple months before the peak. 
"Obvious", it is obvious in hindsight but people didn't realize it was a bubble at the time.  It is easy to look back at history and say "OMG, it was soooo obvious that [pets.com](https://pets.com) wouldn't work and we were in a bubble".  Except, at the time, people don't recognize it as a bubble hence a bubble being called "irrational exuberance".

Also, we aren't there yet with Bitcoin.  There are far too many people calling it a bubble, its too speculative, it will never work, etc to call it a bubble.  We aren't even in the full adoption phase yet.
Yes, I think the bubble has quite a bit further to burst. The whole Nasdaq dropped 80&#37; while the cryptocurrency market is down less than 60&#37; despite shooting up much faster than the Nasdaq.
Heh.  Good man!
he was one of the earliest thinkers. there wasn't a whole lot of knowledge prior. for him to even think what he thought, was a breakthrough.
I bought in 2012
Warren buffet knew.
Whatever.  Go on and live in your fantasy world.

BTC is just a computer generated number that is delivering zero value other than being speculated on exchanges.

If you think commanding thousands of dollars for it is not a bubble, no rational argument will convince you so let's close this discussion.
Yes.  But he made a huge number of other mistakes.  His contribution to what we now call physics and chemistry was disastrous.

I am a huge non-fan of Aristotle!  There were so many other brilliant thinkers at the time, who got much closer to the truth, despite the scarcity of information.
I mean you are new to the subreddit and reddit in general.

I guess you got in 5 years before the peak, so you are doing fine even if you didn't manage to sell much near the peak. I bought some in 2013 and 2016, but sold most of it near the top of the bubble.
As did I.  Was busy turning down endorsement requests from all sort of ridiculous dot.com nonsense startups.
lots of people make mistakes, it's all part of progress. saying his contributions to todays physics and chemistry was disastrous is a bit of a reach. that's like saying the first caveman to start a fire was a disaster because he didn't invent a convection oven.
Come back to me when you know something about it.
