Daily Discussion, May 09, 2018 -- TITLE
The support above 9k has been unbelievable for Bitcoin as of late. Now we just gotta HODL!
Whew.  I really thought I’d wake up to 8600.  So for this I am happy 
How's the Rat Poison this morning?
Good day all, I know it's early but good to see we showed a decent amount of support to get us above $9k very quickly.  
Does anyone else feel it coming in the air tonight?
Just received my "I got lightning working" stickers,  I really like how well the stickers fit into the remaining space on my notebook cover. Next up in line is the genesis bag and a poster from bitcoinshirts, also payed via lightning.

Lightning is real and it works Ladies and Gentleman.
Just put my first big (ish) chunk of fiat into Bitcoin, been waiting for an entry point and I think this is it... I can smell the bulls coming :D
According to Bitfinex, the dickline has been recaptured. We are back on track! 
The Support at 9000 seems to be strong. 
How will Bitcoin evolve as a currency? As of right now, the process for acquiring, storing, and trading Bitcoin isn't exactly straight forward for the average person. Especially older people who didn't grow up around technology. At the end of the day, people want something that's user friendly and convenient. How can Bitcoin achieve this without centralization? 
For anyone feeling impatient, this date last year BTC was $1550
Damn I just had to buy another $1k worth - more of an emo buy and messed up my DCA but in light of next weeks BIG meet up in NYC and an expected Bull Run... regardless always a good time to buy - 10k next week I’m betting on it! 
Capture the dickline!
What is the reason for the big slide this past week? Things were churning upward so nicely. Thought we were breaking 10k easily. Is it because Bill Gates opened his yap in opposition to crypto? I thought he was a good guy. Gotta protect those billions, Bill? After all, wouldn't your software be a 'fairly direct' cause for people buying and selling drugs over the internet? Hypocrite.
Hi all.  I just popped by for someone to tell me to stop panicking. 
My simple suggestion, let the sellers finish their job before catching the price at cheaper price. Never go against the gains.
Should we do the wave? Lets go Bitcoin chant? Read aloud the little Bitcoin that could?
My wallet just arrived (Ledger S Nano) after two months after I bought it, I have been following the criptomarket since before I could work so I am very excited :) any tip or advice is aprecciated
I've been buying bitcoin since 5k  hodl
10K weekend. 
https://www.palmbeachgroup.com/content/palm-beach-daily/teeka-tiwari-on-the-crypto-kingmaker/40833/

4 days left til were all rich
Btc is on the rise again :)
$8500 is the "floor"  :D
yay I'm back into crypto again
Im off to the gun shop this weekend, so if all you bull whales would make some moves in the next few days, that would be swell. 
SHORTS GETTING BURNT
Wasted aggaaain in Margaritaville...  loooooking for my loooost shaker of 10k...
Soooooome people claim that there's a Buffet to blame, but I know...
Hyperbitcoinatization when? Will it happen?
**KEEP FIGHTING BULLS!**
I sold my coinbase bitcoin and it arrived in my account today so im happy about that
**Keep going Bulls, please don't let all the hard work of the last few weeks go to no avail.  As always your efforts are greatly appreciated by all of us.**
close 9300 today.
Hmm.  Time for the 9300 meme?...  Yawn.
Do people here use coinbase or is that for noobs like me?
On Coinbase. If you have Bitcoin in your BTC account and have a US linked bank account, you can transfer it in USD's to that account but it takes up to 3 days. You can "instantly sell" your Bitcoin which will go into your Cash USD coinbase account, can you then instantly transfer USD to your USD linked bank account?
The battle for $9,300 is real.
To the moon!
Should’ve bought 6 hours ago
Tron is rat poison squared. They are down whole day and I ironically commented on their sub “bullish” and actually got upvotes, lol.
[removed]
It is sometimes hard to ignore such manipulation theories
[removed]
According to bitinfocharts, the average BTC tramsaction fee has gone up lately to between $2 and $4. Why? Can we trust that the transaction fees are not going to the roof again? 
And buy 
I think bitcoin is very strong above 9k
The weekly MACD histogram is still looking good too
When I went to bed we were flirting with 8.9’s, so it was nice to wake up and the price was magically above 9.2k again 🙂
Oh Lord.
Yep I bought food last weekend using lightning from savoryeats.com food truck it was awesome 
30 min volume good.  We may have one worthy of Stormy.
you  mean support?

Famous last words
You just jinxed it.  Prepare for 8k.
Bitcoin doesn't need to achieve that. Bitcoin is just a protocol.

Other services can and will achieve that, using Bitcoin. Yes there's still work to be done, but if there's money to be made, the work will be done.

And it isn't about centralization. Bitcoin is decentralized. Period.

Other services might be centralized for a time, but competition will drive the decentralisation of those services.
I concur. I started to get into Bitcoin in December and I wasn't actually able to make my first purchase until February.
Almost 50&#37; higher than the previous parabolic high. The equivalent this year would be $30 000. We are having a bad year. 
Let’s bet
Stop panicking over everything. The reason for the slide may be simply because bulls failed to breach $10k. Also don't try to understand every market move, that's a one-way ticket to madness.
Just some healthy profit taking. We rose a little too quickly. 
My dog farted.

And if you have ever experienced my dog farting, you know I‘m not joking. Dog farts are *not* funny!
Ha...Thx for reminding me of that.. he did comment about bitcoin being used as a way to buy drugs..laughs which you are correct it convitcs himself because of his software... !! you need 1,000 upvotes
so are we blaming Henry ford for automobile accidents now? lol.
stop panicking!
Don’t panic and don’t forget your towel!   

We’re going back up now anyways 
 Against the GAins... that's where I'll stay-ay.. Swimming upSTREEM, I maintain against-the-gaaiiins!
welcome aboard!  my advice is buy and hold :)
Watch multiple videos on YT on how to set it up.  Don't go in blind.  Also, MAKE SURE YOU ARE SETTING UP A FRESH SEED.  Scammers set up the seed and sell Nanos like they are new only to steal the crypto later, cuz.
[deleted]
Seems legit. /s

But seriously, on May 14th "Consensus 2018" starts. This could indeed trigger a bull run. Even Tom Lee thinks so.

https://www.coindesk.com/events/consensus-2018/
We missed you!
That's not true.
It's Obama's fault?
2020, For sure.
Soon 
seems to be inching back up :)
I tried fighting bulls, but got a horn through my matador's pants.
Btc doesn't close 
It is for noobs. It is a good place to get your feet wet with 50 bucks and get comfortable with addresses, sending payments back and forth etc.

However, if you don't know the secret code that proves you control that unit of Bitcoin, you are always at the mercy of the secret code holder (Coinbase) going bankrupt, stealing your Bitcoin, being commanded by the government to not pay out your Bitcoin, et cetera. That's why people say: not your private keys, not your Bitcoin.

Coinbase is essentially acting like a bank, saying "don't you worry your pretty little head about hard things like secret codes. We'll take care of that for you." Just like a bank stores your cash and valuables. It's a lot of trust to give them.
Yes, Coinbase is most likely the easiest way to get into buying bitcoin/crypto.  Keep in mind that if you have a Coinbase account you also get a Gdax account.  Educate yourself and enjoy the ride!
Gemini to buy
Been using coinbase/GDAX for over a year.  Most secure exchange to date.
I'm using Trading 212, it seems easier
No. It's not instant. It will take several days to reach your bank account.

Also, transfer your BTC to your GDAX (same as Coinbase) account and sell. Save yourself some transaction fee.
the best time to buy was 6 hours ago. the second best time is now.
Maybe they understood your sarcasm.
Reported for spam. Quit plugging your shit channel over and over
spam. reported.
What are you even talking about?  The median transaction fee is currently about $0.31 and the average is $1.32 - still lots of people getting super cheap fees, not our fault some people are pushing through unnecessarily high transaction fees.

There was a four day spike about two weeks ago, but that resolved quickly...
HODL + buy = not sell.
Buy the tip, sell the dip 
And I've been waiting for this moment for all my life.
It's just so exciting to see something you truely believe in succeed and having that confirmed by having a physical item in your hand, throwback to buying my first lunch with bitcoin.
Yes - edited
I'm ready for the blast to 20k I just hope I can reach my accumulation goal before it gets too crazy... 
It’s only May
I agree, we failed to reach 10k so there was some profit taking by the day traders.  
Who said í was panicking? Just asking people their thoughts...I'm not the one going mad here..hehe
LOL!
Guys! This is super cereal!
Thanks guys, I was starting to lose it there.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0GW0Vnr9Yc
hoopy frood
I would also give you this advice.
I bought from their site (ledger) because I know there is problem regarding scammers, as soon I have time (in two weeks I think) I will verify its hashers and stuff, until then I'll just look at this beauty :p
I kind of already knew this but this was helpful nonetheless, also what got me curious is that you wrote a will, this isn't part of my culture unless you're rich so I will take think about this sure
Certainly.  Its Obama and the Deep State and the RINOs and Hillary and Stormy.  :-)
I used to be a matador like you. Then I took a horn in the knee... 
neither does your momma's legs
Don't we put that exact same trust with actual banks?
I need a driver's license or passport for my gdax account unfortunately, I have neither. 
I was a big supporter of Gemini over Coinbase but just last week my Gemini account was closed for no given reason.  Check out the Gemini forum, many people are having this problem.  I can no longer recommend them.
[deleted]
Thank you. Saving is always good! I’ll look into it.
You can sell your BTC direct into your account but coinbase gives you less for it.  But if you need it instant it can be.
Should we sell now or 6 hours later?
The best time was now. The second best time is 1 minute from now 
Im referring to bitinfocharts.com. The fee shows $3.975 on 25/4-2018. The median shows $1.6. I have no idea why our numbers are different.
buy + no sell = HODL++
I strongly caution anyone doing this to only day trade a small percentage of your stack. I only do 10% for fun. 

Think how you would feel if you sell a lot of your stack at the tip and then all of a sudden a giant green dildo appears and the price jumps over 1k (it just happened a few weeks ago). Then you miss out.  With institutional investors getting ready to jump on the train this could happen unpredictably and the jumps could be even more dramatic. 
buyers waiting under 9300
Someone is selling big lots on bitfinex. Can’t tell if they are attempting to push the market down or if they are profit taking.
well I see the selling is starting to pick up
Oh Lord, oh lord.
But do you mean "support"?
Same here lol. I'm enjoying the low buy in. 
Was May last year as well. 
what about the day before that? day traders trade everyday, so it shouldn't make a difference. if it's day traders fault, there is no hope, since it will always be day traded.
Just calm down, bro.  If you calm down we can have a rational conversation.  I just need you to calm down first.
hehe😃
Good thinking. Once it is set up and is your wallet it will give you a physical representation of your crypto and it will give you joy.

At least that happened for me.
[deleted]
Don't forget the white hats! Hats off to them!
Yes. 2 things: 
1. Banks (in the USA) are federally insured. I don't think Coinbase is. So bankruptcy or theft is covered by the government for a bank.
2. Part of the fundamental guiding principle of many early Bitcoin pioneers is that the current banking system, where banks are free to lend out the money deposited, and only keep a tiny bit available for withdrawal, is immoral. It creates a danger of bank runs causing insolvency, and encourages banks to take wild risks with depositor money, knowing that they will be bailed out by the government if they go bust. The bank acts like it merely stores your money, but really, that money is gone. Some people believe that's a fundamentally unethical business model. If your money can be seized or confiscated, is it really yours?
Oh, bummer.  HODL it is.
You can still profit easily from it. I could withdraw £10,000, but I'm waiting.
Sell 2020.
Yeah, that's my point - 25/4 was two weeks ago...
buy = no sell + hodl
nah bruh the more risk the more gainz
That's how the game works, more risk more potential gain
Think he ment support
No pleasing some people 
When I use the term "day trader" what I really mean is short term trader. We saw a 40% increase in a month. If someone put in hundreds of thousands, that's worth pulling out.
this isn't much of a problem for me because I mostly use internet banking so cryptos would be just a different way of my money being displayed if you get what I mean, but I like the security it brings, I Want to try two methods of storage (hardware and mobile) so this will help me, I have some interest in getting into this field since it is very new where I live
Thanks for the tips on the first topic, I will look closely on this, I have an IT background so opening stuff and getting into the intrinsics of this stuff is not that hard for me, also I don't care much about the warranty because where I live it would take half a year to send the product and get back (my country's customs is a joke)

about your second point, there are ways to ensure this has not been done, but I will look into this surely to sleep without second thoughts.

Thanks for the in-depth response, this week and next week I won't have much time due to my university and work, but I will look into everything you said carefully once I have time, thanks bro
by "lately", I mean "recent month".
But but... to buy, someone has to sell!!!
True, but the same fools that were taking out second mortgages on their house and buying crypto on credit card last year may be tempted to day trade their whole stack.  Good way to lose it all on a dip  I advocate a more balanced approach. 
Did you mean 'meant'?
lol you can’t make a “this time last year” comparison and then say where it is today doesn’t matter 
What did you expect? if you bought ATH last year you'd have 500 bucks profit per btc. if you bought ATH this year or even close you'll have about 9k loss or 11k per bitcoin. 


but the tech? I thought it wasn't about profits. I thought it was to be hodl and spent at the same time?
Those guys are all bed wetters and they eat their own boogers.

But seriously, spend and replace is a way better strategy.
I meant ment 
I meant "mint".
Wow u guys have completely missed my point. Think I’ll skip this sub for a while 😂
You fail English? Unpossible!
Fkn lol
You missed your point. If it doesn't take off soon we might end up with a very different result to last year. Even a negative one. 
Of course, nothing is a given but if a 1000% increase isn’t enough to give you some hope then nothing is 
Don't need the 1000's of percents increase, As long as it remains volatile. All we need.But compared to last year, no matter how you cut it this year is slow. We should already be making ATH's everyday.
My comment wasn’t “we are going parabolic again” It was “look how far we’ve come in a year”. As I said, my point was clearly missed 
Your point wasnt missed, you missed other people's points. On your side of the story there's two sides like i already explained. Yes we came a huge way compared to last year, we also lost a huge % compared to last year. thats the point which you seem to miss.
We only go this far because it went parabolic last year, if it isn't going to go parabolic again then next year this time will be a new low in the Bitcoin misery index. So far we're going to be very miserable next year.

Some of us might even have to give the Lambo's back. 
Amen. 
Forget it (facepalm)
