Daily Discussion, April 09, 2018 -- TITLE
Someone just decided that "nope, Bitcoin shouldn't recover". Impressive drop.
I love when people post the graphs and say "this is why it's going up/down". It makes me think of religious fanatics trying to convert.

No one knows where the price will be tomorrow. There is no big whale selling. There's numbers on a screen. The spoon doesn't bend. I am you, and we are me. We all return to the egg. Break free of the charts before their trend lines bind your wrist and cloud your mind. Find peace! 
Holy crap!! Down $350 in minutes! That was interesting to watch on GDAX.
To the moon..
I wouldnt doubt if a large amount or a few millionaire keep buying bit coin. Sell when hit hits 7-8k then all dump at one time and keep doing it over and over to keep it in check.
Thou shall not pass!
Everything will be good in the end. And if it's not good then it's not the end. 

(read with indian accent)
I'm getting worried about Mcafee's dick now.
Aaaand we are down (again)...
I swear everytime the price is green and I see a comment that says "going to the moon" the price goes down. Y'all be jinxing it
GOODBYE CRUEL WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Market manipulation like these are casting a dark shadow over cryptocurrencies market. I saw yesterday on Bitfinex some market spoofing around 6 p.m. UTC time.. 
why I am saying this? Because first of all, bitcoin came as a result on market manipulation, corrupt banking system and widespread injustice on financial market back in 2008.
Recently, it was often heard that cryptocurrencies markets do not need a regulation, and it was raising a red flag to me. Because it is like saying we do not need cops.. well, guess who will come then, and who would rule? Yes, gangs and criminals.
Well, with such liquid market and possible high gains, it was a call to those kinds of people.. and cryptocurrency society didn't do anything to regulate itself, but instead of that, YT is full of videos tagged with #Lambo, #toTheMoon, etc..

I personally think this is a last call to regulate things properly, or hand over those markets to various sharks and people like Soros, Rotschild, Rockefeller and others. 
This trend is never gonna stop if everyone is just sitting on the side waiting for a miracle. The whales found their new strategy. The price is just gonna go sideways with sudden pumps/dumps everyday. 
What has been the longest bear market in Bitcoin?
To all of you saying these massive dumps that occur within a few minutes are normal market movements, you are wrong. Unless you consider market wide manipulation by groups with deep pockets to be 'normal'. This would be illegal in almost every other market. The same people probably flick through these threads laughing at everyone's stupidity and how easy it is for them to make money. 
The manipulation isn’t even subtle at this point. 

Just an organic plunge out of nowhere with no bad news right? 
ripperoni 4k lets go
When will we see any light at the end of the tunnel? 
Trading Analysis:

That long flat bit today is a slightly higher than that long flat bit the other day:

https://bitcoinwisdom.com/markets/bitstamp/btcusd

Bullish!!!
Finally some action - for better or worse.
https://imgur.com/a/AsoUZ
If that's not manipulation, then what? Classic spoofing scheme.
What most you you folks think, whats the future of btc? 
Well my holdings have officially halved. Great. 
It's hard not to despise many of the people on this subreddit who seem to think that Bitcoin only exists for them to become rich through speculation.
I hate to say it because I’ve been in crypto for over a year and believe decentralized currency can better the world’s concept of money but the everyday masses and their money will not return until this blatant obvious manipulation by a few somehow ends. The market is being decimated by it. If some sort of self regulatory body and at the very least a few restrictions on manipulation isn’t put in place 
the market will not go mainstream and flourish. 
I gave in.  Tethered up at 6700...with my luck now watch it go up.  It's kind of weird now actually wanting bitcoin to go down.  First time taking this route.  
Is it just me or does it feels like Mondays are the new Sundays when it comes to bitcoin?
I couldn’t lose more money in a short amount of time if I were at an upscale gentlemen’s club. I went to bed feeling upbeat.
These pumps and dumps are absolutely disgusting. Another reason to hate humanity.
At least the volumes are back...
i've been away on a world tour fudding other crypto sub reddits... what have I missed here?
I don't like to have an upset tummy over dinner with these prices wobbling up and down, so what I do is have a quick look at this 8 year span logarithmic scale before heading off to my club    :)

http://www.habrador.com/p/bitcoin/_img/bitcoin-price-log.png
snooze fest, where is elmer fudd?
so much sideways movement
Thats a clean red dildo
ouch, that dump was quick and slick
ok, I am looking at situation on Bitfinex, but similar happens on another exchanges AFAIK. Huge sell orders... a moment ago they were removed, and the price spiked up...
a moments after that, a new sell order have been placed (800-1200 BTCs). 
As this is happening on another exchanges, to me it looks like bots programmed at the same way. Who would have such amount of BTCs and such intentions to drop the market? 
The Bcash guys got back the Bitcoin twitter account. Weird.
[deleted]
666!!
I'd love to buy pizza with my BTC, is possible?
31567.48 Longs v.s. 35868.28 Shorts on Bitfinex atm.
when ~~moon~~ the 17.000.000 btc is expected? 
Pizza
large scale manipulation...silly market...
Not sure why most in here are against stop losses. Everyone who had it set at 7k saved themselves a nice bit of coin.
https://imgur.com/a/AEECb


My first TA and price prediction. What do you guys think?
Am I the only one perfectly fine with the price staying at these levels? That way I can buy more now while its low. I'm confident that bitcoin will be worth a lot more some time in the future and I'm patient enough to wait for that. The fundamentals have not changed, we havn't even had any serious fud in a while, in fact weve had a lot of good news.
So I just read that George soros is manipulating the market...... Great.
[deleted]
**Come on Bulls, show us you are still alive!**
[deleted]
Coming from a forex trading background. Currencies normally trade sideways for 90% of the time. Trends for the remaining 10%. Of course trading currencies(I mean traditional pairs like EUR/USD or AUD/USD) normally at least one of the 7 majors is trending. Now crypto is similar most of the time it is range bound then off it goes on a trend. However it is very hard to find a trending crypto while the rest are range bound as they all follow BTC's lead. So you have to recognise when they are range bound and trade accordingly. (Whew that was a lot of typing)
Just remember, when someone states that BTC has no intrinsic value- That you the holder of BTC is the intrinsic value as opposed to a group of people putting their trust into another institution which is completely necessary for government to work. BTC gives YOU a way to check all of that.
Unless something big happens in Bitcoin, this is just going to keep going down.
Ok everyone before you flip a lid we are not done on the down side and on the TA we have not fully formed a double bottom til 6k.  Can't take the heat stay out of crypto
Meanwhile, over on the naughty step:

Strangely quiet over at r/btc

More whingeing about losing the Twitter handle

Something about LN being shit.  

Usual stuff.  

Really rather quiet.  Maybe they're all over here  :)
I'm sick of hearing all this absolute shit about manipulation and "bad news" making the price drop. These pump and dumps is just normal day trading combined with people that have never invested before shitting themselves only to buy back in later, rinse and repeat. You're making it so easy for the rest of us to make money on these swings when you know half the market will panic sell at a $100 drop in price.
What just happened to the price? It dropped like $600 in a matter of moments - who sold so much and how much was sold?
Bitcoin just dropped by $350 .... any idea what happened 
It failed to break resistance, that's the trigger of all the weak hands. It will be fine, relax.
can send money from a segwit address to a legacy address?
Any idea what those manipulators at Bitfinex are trying to do? They did at least 5 spikes from friday night till sunday, spoofing with 1,000 btc orders, and then they suddenly started to sell pushing it bellow 6,700 and spoofing in the other side. WTF! 

See a lot of ppl claiming price manipulation and the may be right based on what we saw on bitfinex.

But I'd like to remind people that it's common place for day traders to short following bad news, especially if we're at a Shakey breakout. 

The news from Pakistan is likely what caused this. plus, India is still in recent mind, all this is probably what's giving the shorters the courage to sell.
What are the current transaction times like? I’ve been waiting for over an hour and still unconfirmed. I thought this issue had been resolved. 
Funny thing is, nobody knows if it's gonna fall or rise suddenly right now. 
Wall 6600 appears unbreachable. 
Set a limit order for .01 BTC at 6.5k... I’m just a protozoan swimming in a whales’ ocean. 
I done my little part - bought at 6,650.  

Will buy more at 6.6, 6.55 and 6.5.
Until I discovered this message board I had no idea the Bitcoin world was in this state. Seems like everyone who hasn't made money in the last 2 minutes is suicidal. You lot should try forex. You wait a week for a 0.5% move at 50:1. 

EurUsd hasn't moved more than 30 cents in a decade. 

Or gold, wait 10 years for few percent gain. 
This is good for bitcoin.
It may not be 5000, but i told yall yesterday to expect another massive drop..  but you downvoted me.  People dont listen, take these crazy up and down swings to your advantage, buy low sell high, rinse repeat..  whoevers manipulating the market is giving everyone a chance to play and make money.  Holding is obviously a bad deal right now.
If this year follows the last two years, price will start rising in Mid April-May. If you are waiting for a really low bottom then you have about a week or so, safer to just buy now because it doesn't look like it can get much lower. It has tried many times. The only reason it can get lower then 6.5k now is if a huge whale tries to FUD everyone so they can buy even lower before May. Jus my two cents. You can check out last year's early April and see for yourself, it was pretty much sideways too just like now.

In addition to that, The lowest last year's April fell was just about the price of their previous November Which is where we about stand right now. Our price is matching November's price. It shouldn't get much lower even if it does. So buy or miss the train. Again just my opinion and guess. I am 50% sure that I am 100% right. LOL
I normally have it set to only trigger if it dips $300 below the current price.  I would be ok.  At the lowest I would do it at $150 below current price. As a result I was fine on this dip. Waiting to see which way it will go and then will buy back in.
Okay?
Here a song for my feelings toward bitcoin.

https://youtu.be/Ug88HO2mg44
Can someone tell me if its safe to use Ladger Nano S on a computer I am not really sure about. I have been using my computer for office use and have downloaded many files. Should I just format the computer before using Ledger Nano. Thanks in advance.
This Week's Upcoming Events in Crypto: https://thirtyk.com/2018/04/09/roundup-blockchain-cryptocurrency/
Lots of good money there shorting BTC. Don't get mad, use this knowledge to your advantage. 
[removed]
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergei_Mavrodi
Gdax is down..... I'm freaking out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Heads up guys, Rockfella money moving into BTC
whoa, time really flies when you're having fun engaging in bitcoin/crypto discussions. 
These people started a TV show called Sharkchain TV for startups utilizing blockchain and AI it looks like it gives a chance for entrepreneurs to get funding for their projects, also could be good marketing for companies just starting out. Looks like they are going to start filming it soon, pretty interesting.  http://sharkchaintv.com/
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
price on your smart phone
Hello, does anyone know of any block explorers where I can list multiple addresses at the same time? I have an HD wallet and have gone through loads of addresses, I'm looking for a complete list of all transactions (including to each other) in one place. 

Ideally I'd want to export to csv as well. 

I have electrum but their export function does not include the addresses, only the transaction hashes. 
I think this is going to be it. Thought it was yesterday, but it didn't stick. See how this goes. I think 7500 tonight.
5k here we come
How about 9000 Bitcoins being bought today to get us near 20k of volume on GDAX? 
More than 3.000 coins and only 1 whe dont know creator and is decentralized... BITCOIN will be always BITCOIN. 
The botton is coming, and we will see a reversal line up on chart. Dont wait skyrocket at this moment... maybe after september, when MtGox finishh all sell wall and dont mix with market anymore. 
In june we will watch more clear rules about regulamentations around world and then big investment will back... institutional money are in a hungry to join.
If you ask me this is your last chance @ cheap coins. When (not if) when Bitcoin hits 20k again it'll start the same media frenzy we had during last december. 
any bad news why dump so hard 
Surely you don't need to sell that many BTC to buy a new Twitter handle?
It seems that the dump was done when the American market was pretty much out of action, any chance the Americans will push it up again? 
i love btc forever
Hey US, there is only Buy option left for you ahaha. Or you can try shorting in your pants ahaha
Price keeps re-crashing after a spike because a lot of people are still desperate to get out after the big crash at the start of the year. Look for spikes 'n crashes for the next 12-18 months until the new-buyer community stops fearing bitcoin will go to zero. 
tbh bitcoin was close to breaking 7.5k. It ran out of steam and fell short.
Looks like the whale that bought on the 6th and drove up prices sold this morning and caused the drop. Anyone know how much that trade (s) was worth?
Good luck everyone on the loss plane it feels good without cabin crew ( FUD regulators)
[deleted]
soros spare us... .
Whales shaking the tree to catch all the coins that drop out...
So we havn't dipped further than the 5.8k february low, seems like recovering is in order.
how many bitcoins does the average redditor has?
[deleted]
And there you go. Can't hold itself up. Again. This market is absolute shit.
its feels like its ready to explode soon!
[removed]
I see Soros and his filthy cohorts have arrived.
I’m new to this with just relatively little invested. But this is silliness now. If price manipulation has taken hold why should anyone hold, or use bitcoin as a store of value at this point? I’ll be back in when regulation can curb this obvious abuse by the few very wealthy
Remember: $180 / $1,200 x $20,000 = $3,000. You ain't seen nothing yet.
Today is the turnaround day, road to 8k is back up in action
Those perma bulls should get sued for manipulation and luring investors in. They are just as immoral as wallstreet bankers.
[removed]
GODDAMN we are attacked left right n center. Wealthy cunts are playing with our lives. This is our fight back, Soros or not Soros some old shit will not fuck it this time. We stand together, fuck the whales fuck them all. Bitcoin will not falter EVER. fuck you hook nose cunts. Go down cunts you have done pushing , now we fuck you . Enough is enough, you are **nothing**. nooooooooooothing. The sun will always rise above the dark.
I’ve just come back from a deep neural net conerence. AI everywhere right now. So it can drive a car? Bet your ass someone has it trading bitcoin too. Bots you call them.  Personally i think its mainly neural net bots moving btc price in random ways right now, squeezing money out of the market by wild manipulation and tricks.  Sadly its seems most of the market atm. The only thing which attributed to the big rise last year was so many fomo chumps entering the market.  The chumps are now gone, uninterested and burned.  Without a big paradigm shift in tech i dont see them coming back.  And thats years away at best...  so i cant see a turnaround anytime soon. And taking it one step further, if we’re this shakey on no news, what happens when some bad news comes out?  I think another tank is far more likely than another moon at this point.
I still own bitcoin so not trying to ‘fud’ or whatever. Just speaking my honest mind.
good moment for buying right now, there is some positive movement not including this dump. Buy and wait for pump than sell. 
oh my gosh, just realized Soros and Buffett are both 87 years old. Why is Soros investing in bitcoin at such an old age. The stress is not worth it and these guys aren't going to spend it all before they die of old age.
It's quite common for breakouts to fail initially. Lot of buy interest here. 
Stocks are falling massively, as well...

Especially in Russia (-12% in one day):

https://www.google.de/search?q=MCX:RTSI&tbm=fin

German stocks:

https://www.google.de/search?num=50&tbm=fin&q=INDEXDB:+DAX
Saw this on a financial site a few minutes ago. How to shut up a nocoiner.

John Key 
31 minutes ago


Put that $10,000 into BTC. Bitcoin is trading at $6727.65. Before everyone goes batshit and condemns this call. Lets let time be the ultimate judge. Call me any horrible name you like if it is not worth $20,000 by end of year. Cash out then and make some serious gains, although when it reaches those lofty heights again cash out would make more sense at 25k to 30k

Reply
Bob A 
28 minutes ago @John Key hahahahha wishful thinking...its going back to 10 bucks

Reply
John Key 
25 minutes ago @Bob A @John Key  Ok lets bet $10 on your call. If it goes down to $10 I will send you one whole bitcoin, if it doesn't you send me one whole bitcoin. Would it be better to pay for your call now or at the end of the year?

 You can send my winnings to this bitcoin address 1HdyE6bx9nheLmFdWQ3uPTaMEVwTJQw9oQ
DeleteShare
Bitcoins doing it does best in 2018: Drop in value. 

3 digits, here we come. 
I've been on r/bitcoin , ending in dirty downvotes

List'ning to the weakhands, thinking 'bout this 'n' that

They said, "its Soros, its the stock market, its FUD, look at this projection, Bart Simpson, this and that."

Turn it down a little bit or turn it down flat

Pump it up, when you don't really need it
Pump it up, until you can feel it

Down in the pleasure center, hell-bent or heaven-sent

Listen to the propaganda, listen to the latest slander

There's nothing underhand that weakhands wouldn't understand

Pump it up, until you can feel it
Pump it up, when you don't really need it

Bitcoin been a bad dip, like a chemical
Though you try to stop it, Bitxoin like a narcotic
You want to sell high, you want to talk to buy low

All the coins you bought for your portfolio, putting up your temperature
Why are we still here? Just to suffer? Every night ... I can feel this price... and the market... even my lowball orders... The money i've lost - The comrades i've lost... it won't stop hurting. You feel it too don't you? I'm going to make them give back our past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXKkeFUvgTM
Give me a bigger pump so I can take a dump.  $300 pls.
Those big dumps could well be mining groups selling coins. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Seems to be finally leveling out from December’s ATH 
Just a little something I have written in my free time, enjoy.

I've been on r/bitcoin , ending in dirty down votes.

List'ning to the weak hands, thinking 'bout this 'n' that.

They said, "its Soros, its the stock market, its FUD, look at this projection, Bart Simpson, this and that.

Turn it down a little bit or turn it down flat.

Pump it up, when you don't really need it Pump it up, until you can feel it.

Down in the pleasure centre, hell-bent or heaven-sent.

Listen to the propaganda, listen to the latest slander.

There's nothing underhand that weak hands wouldn't understand.

Pump it up, until you can feel it Pump it up, when you don't really need it.

Bitcoin been a bad dip, like a chemical Though you try to stop it, Bitcoin like a narcotic You want to sell high, you want to talk to buy low.

All the coins you bought for your portfolio, putting up your temperature.

-RP
My biggest bullish target still for this year is 120k.  Then correction down to like 20
[removed]
Doritalos  

"I've been on r/bitcoin , ending in dirty down votes.

*List'ning to the weak hands, thinking 'bout this 'n' that.*

*They said, "its Soros, its the stock market, its FUD, look at this projection, Bart Simpson, this and that.*

*Turn it down a little bit or turn it down flat.*

*Pump it up, when you don't really need it Pump it up, until you can feel it.*

*Down in the pleasure centre, hell-bent or heaven-sent.*

*Listen to the propaganda, listen to the latest slander.*

*There's nothing underhand that weak hands wouldn't understand.*

*Pump it up, until you can feel it Pump it up, when you don't really need it.*

*Bitcoin been a bad dip, like a chemical Though you try to stop it, Bitcoin like a narcotic You want to sell high, you want to talk to buy low.*

*All the coins you bought for your portfolio, putting up your temperature."*
I am waiting to buy my first BTC when it will be 1k
[removed]
every exchange should ban market manipulation , if they want they easily can find the person who is doing this again and again and let us know who is that fucker 
How can price go down when institutional investors are buying tens of thousands of BTC over the counter?

This doesnt make any sense guys. Hodl me and tell me its gonna be ok :(
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=625whkdnpKg Pretty entertaining BTC analysis, I caught his show yesterday and it was very accurate and looks like hes on again for the morning
Or a lot of people decided "I should sell at $7100."
continue ze dump
Those graphs crack me up, its literally a line going up, and a line going down. like no shit lol
> No one knows where the price will be tomorrow

Truth. One week ago every idiot in the daily discussion thread was saying bitcoin was going straight down to 4-5k and people would be stupid to buy now. I bought at 6600 and made a nice profit when it then went up three days later to 7200. 
[deleted]
Its called probability 
Well, guess I made the right call to sell at 7120.

Will buy again when it hits 6600.
To infinity and beyond!
That strategy only works when enough volume exists selling to them at 6.7k and buying from them at 7k+. It's not happening. What is happening is a few large and longtime whales are divesting responsibly so as not to crash the market. You can tell because there isn't a perfect proportion of identical buys and sells at the alleged manipulation points, and we've only been inside the range you specify for a week and a half.
(read in Morgan Freemans voice)
All izz well, all izz well (in Indian accent)
then we got to start saying the opposite: What is the opposite of "going to the moon"? Going to the ground?
Lavell crawford??
Legit laughed
-“crypto crowd” wanted unregulated markets, you got unregulated markets

-You wanted wild wild west, you got wild wild west.

This is everyman for themselves. Your version of free market capitalism. Do not bitch now that you have been taken advantage of. Deal with it.
This is NOT market manipulation. It's individuals following whatever trading algorithm makes them the most money. 100% legit.
You think the manipulation is only in Crypto's? 

It's everywhere. Everything is rigged. Everything is manipulated. 
Lol manipulation? It was shitty volume someone wanted to sell. 
The problem is your still thinking in fiat rather than bitcoin.

If you have one bitcoin out of the 21 million available, it doesn't matter what anybody else does in the market you still have the same one bitcoin.

This is why it doesn't need regulation.
It'll stop. The game isn't money. It's coin hoarding. When they want a new lambo, we moon.
I dunno hey, if I had a few thousand Bitcoins I'd like to see Bitcoin make new highs. I think that's what the whales want as well. The downward momentum is all but gone. We haven't made new lows since Feb. Upwards should resume shortly. 
~400 days: http://www.habrador.com/p/bitcoin/
2+ years
Of course its manipulated. That's why it's so easy to make money by thinking like a whale, buying low and getting tf out before a whale shits on your dreams. Bear market= hold CASH. Trade only to sell it all back once things look too good for the bears. Go ahead and downvote me but deep inside you know its true. I love bitcoin, what it stands for and want to see it replace fiat but until that happens, I'll make some money. It's a better strategy then bitching about losses. Nothing I can do about the state of the market. And since very few are willing to weather the storm and hodl at this point (volume speaks volumes) you just have to go with the trends until we reach capitulation and turn this bitch around.
Dude, it moved up strongly as a push to get the 6hr short term moving average over the long term, when that didn't happen everybody ducked out to buy back lower.  I was one of those people.  It's normal market movement.
If you can't handle to risks freedom brings don't invest in crypto. There are plenty of heavily "protected"/ regulated markets to invest in. We're all trying to manipulate the price in our favor. You want to ban the short sellers to manipulate the price to go your direction. What will you say when DEX use proliferates?
If you had deep pockets you would laugh now. Because every deep pocket knows law is written to protect deep pockets from nibling piranas like we are haha
Just like the organic price spikes for no reason
Yes. The market volume has been pathetic. Didn't take much selling to shave off some. 
You must be new here...
A $300+ climb or drop is very common.

I was expecting to find people with good experience here.  Disappointing.
When the train finally enters. {Drum roll please}
Yeah - going down fast   :-|
Volatile like always...
Your money will continue to be allocated towards other parties through bitcoin in terms of USD value. But hey , they say you still have 1 bitcoin!
Once the whales have finished unloading, the price will crash, there will be a lot of hodlers and interest of the public will move on to other speculative assets.  

In the meantime, the very same whales have started hoarding other alts which they will pump to record ATH soon.  Cycle repeats.

My frank and honest opinion.
You only have half as much Bitcoin? How did that happen?
I seem to think Bitcoin exists only to make me poor through speculation.
Only reason Bitcoin is something now are the speculators. Without them driving the price it still be at 10 cents and obscure. Speculation is a necessary part of the process. 
Especially those hypocrites proclaiming that the world financial system is corrupt, rigged against them, that BTC will help the poor, etc.  

And in the same breath, hype up the value of BTC in USD.

Stupid morons.
True. It's fine for people to hope for and expect profit when adopting a growing technology, but to fervently spread doom and gloom whenever it fails to meet their expectations is pretty sad.
Yea, shame on those darn early shareholders of successful startup companies that are now worth billions. Shame that they made money from that because they believed in those companies and bought shares. They should not be rewarded at all. Yea that's what you sound like.
Regulated markets get manipulated by whales too. You seemed pretty happy when the market was going another way, but now that a few large whales are exiting and keeping price suppressed it's a problem?

Sounds like someone is frustrated with their investment and lashing out. Just relax and hold on for the ride. This thing isn't a get rich quick scheme and if you got in when you say you did you are up so much that you have nothing to complain about.
I have tethered since 9000. It didn’t go up.
your 6700 is a very good position to enter a bearish trade imo and yes wanting the bitcoin price to go down is a very strange feeling but just differentiate here. You want the price to go down for your trade to work out but also to build up for good point where the price trend can reverse.  
Technically you're not losing that money, you're investing in a short period of relaxation and pleasure. 
Lemosine you should be far more defensive. Install a stop order with $150-$200. Why would you go to bed letting the whales in control of your wealth? Place stop orders to cut your losses.
[removed]
If you're a hodler just relax, it's all good cuz youre in it for the long run. And if you're a trader, than that's great.

Honestly, I don't see the problem. Come back in 2 to 4 years and claim your bookshelf full of lambos.
Why? They are disgusting you if you are looking for short term gains without being on right timing. But holding is actually much worse for bitcoin as it reduce circulating supply which makes price even more volatile.
It's not pump and dump.  It's market fluctuations as a result of the interaction between short and long term moving averages on various time scales.  The market oscillates at different frequencies that can be seen on the different charts.  The base oscillation is on the 1m time scale which is 20-40 dollar fluctuations.  The next oscillation is on the 5m time scale with 40-100 point swings.  The next on the 15m time scale swings by 100-200 points, and on the 1h time scale, you'll see oscillations like we just had around 200-500 points.  We haven't seen an upswing on the 6h time scale (which may swing 500-2000 points or more) for a while, but we're nearing the bottom of the curve on that.  To see the curves, look at short and long term moving averages on each chart.  When the short term average crosses over the long term average on the 1hr chart is the time to buy (this will happen when the short term average on the 15m, 5m, and 1m charts are all above their long term averages).  Knowing when to sell is trickier, but basically it's when it's clear the short term average on the 6hr chart will not cross the long term average on that chart (because if that happens and you sold early, the market will jump 500-2000 points up and you won't ride it).  Now, watch the market for a few days and see if it doesn't all make sense, and if you can't predict if it will go up or down at any given time.
Hating humanity for market volatility is a sign you are taking this a little too seriously
You have missed the art of fudding never known before. 
thing that scares me about this chart is that it may correct all the way down to 1k.  even though i feel like that'd be impossible
you jinxed it!
Interesting, a drop, followed by tiny volumes again.  This neither bulls nor bears - it is a market showing extreme caution.
Winklevos 
Someone who is trying to suppress the price so they can accumulate more seems likely.

It doesn't seem like the behavior of someone trying to cash out as they'd be shooting themselves in the foot.
Check in two years
You want 420 next? 
666, the mark of the beast
Back in 2010, a developer bought two pizzas for 10,000 bitcoins.
You could buy a pizza for a bit less than that now.
Wednesday.
And will have more Bitcoin when they buy in. I seriously think people here don’t know or aren’t willing to learn how to use it.
Lol 😆
That's the one I'm going to use :)
Think you missed India 
So you're OK with the market staying at these levels until you've bought enough that you're ready for it to go up.  Please show me the magic button you plan on pressing so it will go up when you're ready.  
George Soros gonna Geroge Soros.
More like the Koch Bros...
I disagree, we're nearing the bottom of the curve.
Don't forget, the banking industry wants this to fail as does the US Government because any sort of global currency is bad for the US Banking system. Fear of change causes us to remain in the Stone Age. I would not be surprised if hidden actors are purposefully shorting it to bankrupt the currency on purpose.
Yes. 
No. 
Maybe.
I gave up on fx. Too slow for me...

Takes a week for a 3% move, then you still have the risk of 50:1, meanwhile I see these things change 30%, 50% sometimes in a day. So here I am.  
Just remember, when someone states that btc has no intrinsic value - they are right. 
well, I am buying through an intermediary brokerage service like Gemini or Coinbase, and technically, I imagine that they really own it? Like, they could take it from us at any time (although illegal)
[removed]
Nah... its called a “Bear market”. Normal price cycle, look at previous parabolic spikes in Bitcoin price history. Nothing strange whatsoever.
It might stabilize here and make another run at the 6hr moving average crossover.
Easy there BHSL, it's all going to be ok.
Yesterday there were 5k BTC sell walls on Bitfinex every time it got to $7000, you call that normal? Get off your fucking high horse! I want to see you budge the price even $1 at that point because most of the market doesn't have any choice but to sell down.
Yeah, its great -- been easy money shorting.
600?
Keep an eye on [this.](http://bitcoinity.org/markets/coinbase/USD)

The line is the current price.

The bars in the background are the volume being sold. You can see that right after the price broke 7100, a ton of BTC was sold (or bought- can't have one without the other), bringing the price down.

I don't know who sold. It seems to have happened simultaneously across all exchanges (Bitfinex GDAX Bitstamp Kraken CEX.IO HitBTC itBit, at the top of that page, let you view different exchanges). This makes it seem like a lot of people sold. No way to be sure.

You can tell how much was sold from the chart. Around 175,000 BTC moved on GDAX to cause that price drop, if I'm reading it correctly.
Because people are stupid and think if it goes up 400 dollars it will keep going up. 
More selling than buying 
Bull trap
Selling happened 
it was 6700 a day ago, it's called pump n dump 
The rise was a buy in when the short term moving average on the 1hr chart crossed the long term moving average.  Big buy in at that point because everybody was hoping to push the 6hr short term moving average past the long term, which would lead to a bigger jump.  It didn't cross, so when that was clear, everybody sold to buy back lower.
George Soros has arrived!
It's not fine. Since it failed to break resistance, it's going to break support.
yes
[removed]
> Any idea what those manipulators at Bitfinex are trying to do?

Uh, make money like the rest of us? 

Edit: format fail containing hard truths XD
Pakistan? I really seriously doubt that. Even if it was the case and people dumped Bitcoin for this reason its a reason to be pissed. Banks banning something they cant control and is against their own interest is the LEAST somebody could expect to happen.

Bitcoin makes it so we can transact without having to use a bank or government! What?? Banks and Governments are banning it? OMG SELL. How fucking retarded.
What news from Pakistan
Transaction time depends on the fee you pay and how many others are willing to pay more. How much fee did you pay? 
*Somebody* knows...
Some of the volumes are tiny. <1 BTC per minute on Bitstamp.

Calm before the storm - or eveyone fucked off due to lack of interest?
its a fugazi is wazi its a woozy. it doesnt exist, is not in the element chart
Or ever. 
Only The Shadow knows...


Hahaha yeah so true
0.01, big spender here
#I would like to know more.
People got recked really hard when Swiss national bank decided out of nowhere to give up the CHF-EUR pegging two years ago.

People ended up with highly leveraged trades being executed with hundredthousands of Euros of debt. 

If I remember right CHF fell from 1,2 EUR to 0,8 EUR. 

Lawsuits are pending till today.
[deleted]
Well the thing is (Yes downvote me all if you want) many people here just do not understand how markets work.
They think TA is bullshit and blame whales for manipulating the price every time it drops. The drop we see right now is just natural market movement. Remember 2013 Price droped from 1200 to 200 and could not get up again until 2015.
Right now the weekly chart is showing extremly bearish signals and we are up for another 4 weeks of going down. But eventually everything is going to line up, we are going to hit a resistance line and we are going to go up again. If you want to know we have one at 5k, 3900 and 1300.
These drops and then rises are just something you have to be able to deal with if you are trading bitcoin.
The fact that bitcoin does not give a fuck about bad news does also mean it does not give a fuck about good news  (i am speaking of long term development the China ban was not able to crash it for long just as the G20 news were not able to bounce it for long) .
Or that it is not bound to things like a huge company or backed by a goverment. Long term this is good and will lead to bitcoins success but short term it is one of the reasons we have so much volatility. 
I am a bitcoin long term believer but in the shortterm there is just nothing bullish to be seen in the bitcoin price. 
Now you can downvote me and tell me how wrong i am in the meantime i am going to trade and increase my bitcoin stash just how i did very succsesfully since the beginning of the year. 
Edit: it is very well possible that those 4 weeks of downside transform into another 7 months but nothing is ever writen in stone. Allways keep an eye open on the price and re evaluate your trading strategy acordingly 
[deleted]
Interesting theory, but it’s not a logical one. Prices won’t rise in May just because that’s what they’ve done for the last two years. If you can form a rational argument for what would cause the price to rise every May, then you much have something. But without that, I would say your prediction isn’t very useful. 
May 2018: Hey guys lets start buying bitcoin in bulk again.... because...... its May.....
This is fine
[removed]
I never use my hardware wallet in any computer I haven't smashed to pieces with a sledgehammer, poured gasoline over and incinerated.

It's starting to get a bit expensive on the hardware side, but I think it's worth it.
What's the likelihood there is something on that machine that could interrogate a Ledger?
No, you should never use anything you aren't 100% certain of for anything crypto related, regardless of how unhackable people claim the tech is.
[deleted]
:/
**Sergei Mavrodi**

Sergei Panteleevich Mavrodi (Russian: Серге́й Пантеле́евич Мавро́ди; 11 August 1955 – 26 March 2018) was a Russian financial fraudster and previously a deputy of the State Duma. He was the founder of the МММ.

In 2007 Sergei Mavrodi was convicted in a Russian court of defrauding 10,000 investors out of 110 million rubles ($4.3 million). Mavrodi claimed he was not the beneficiary of the donations and that he was not used to a flamboyant lifestyle. The charge of which he was later convicted was tax fraud though he claimed that the MMM scheme was not a business, but instead a mutual donation program which there is no law against.

***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28
Is this insider information?  Surely I would have seen this posted if true!
^^^^^^^/s
if that's true, I am so happy that he burned almost 100 mil. usd in a last 2 days trying to manipulate the market.. 
who says they are buying? they could be shorting like crazy to destroy it 

they have too much money into real $ they could just get in to destroy it
Look I think it's starting to become obvious we're busy turning. Not making new lows, broken through long term resistance. Indicators will start showing buys soon. Just a question of time now. Maybe it's today, maybe another week, after this tax thing on the 17th. But it's soon. 
There she blows, there she blows again...
ewwwwwwww
Just did
We can only hope.  

Unfortunately, when BTC price hovers, the more likely thing that can happen is a drop ... to a level where there's volume and new money.  That has not happened yet.
fake news
Institutional money is not hungry to join. Get over it. Too volitle, noone is banking their rep on btc/crypto. If my FA was like "hey I've got a line on a great investment, it's leveraged in crypto".... I would laugh in his face, and fire him. 
Is that you Marius? 
Your post gave me cancer. Its like reading something wrote by a 5 year old.
Ah you jinxed it again, now that will never happen. :(
Why u do dis mithy??
Ahhhh the optimism... we’ve entered the bear market bro. Its gonna take some time for the next parabolic peak. A year at least. 
[deleted]
price manipulation, when you pump time comes when you need to dump. Nothing has changed.
1000 people dont cash out in a 15 minute window. Its obvious price manipulation.
Fell roughly within a lot of people's projections. Needed one more leg down or so the story goes. But lately, word on the street is a lot of big money peeps are buying up BTC from OTC kiosks.  

I'm personally holding off on buying anymore Bitcoin as I've exhausted all the fiat I'm willing to put in. But Nick from Datadash seems to think this is a good time to accumulate more. 
i've been monitoring the books the whole weekend. Yesterday (sunday) at bitfinex there was a huge spoofing trying to move it above 7,200. Think was the same people that drove it from 6.6k on friday up to 7k. Now this selloff happens. Its not clearly if those buyers were stopped or they are purely lifting and hitting it. 
These fluctuations are due to day traders responding to market cues in mass, not massive buys or sells of individuals.  I sold this morning right before it crashed and plan to buy this afternoon as the short term moving average crosses above the long term moving average on the 15m chart.  These are facts.
Start a thread on the forum and you will get more replies. 
Yes

Read some of the literature for why 

https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Full_node#Why_should_you_run_a_full_node

https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Clearing_Up_Misconceptions_About_Full_Nodes
Fuck the old gummy bear
[removed]
This argument really makes no sense. If they're shaking out all the weak hands who the hell will buy the coins back when all the confidence in the market is lost?  
Bitfinex - yesterday 12k btc, a moment ago 3k.
100 mil. usd to drop the price? doesn't look like just a whale
[deleted]
Probably more than they've reported to the IRS
Not enough...
0.78
I don't even have regular coins...
[deleted]
Stop watching porn then.
You must be crazy rich putting up all these successful short positions.
There should be an uptick after tax day.
Trump dump too
*hand rubbing intensifies 
What do you know and how do you know it?
Admitted it's not such a great store of value at the mo.!

But there are economic equilibria to be reached - price manipulation cannot go on forever, or nothing would have any value..

I'm still up well over 1000%, but I know that doesn't help if you bought recently.  But I'm confident it will be well over 20k by year's end.
Remember: Bitcoin today is not what it was in 2013 nor has the equivalent of Mt Gox happened (yet). 
Do you remember the 21st night of September?
What?
lol... sees it rise $75..."It's going to the fucking moon everybody"
You're off your horses
I think you're spot on. I thought it was going to be yesterday.
Did you say 20k last month?
So you want to sue people for having an opinion, because yours is different and they can't possibly be right ? 
Reddit is in america, no?. I can she you if I hurt my knuckle while breaking in your house?
We need the morons to lure in the retards.

Hey, how else can we get the price up?  I'm still sitting on a small pile that I need to unload.
Thanks.  I've been looking at these charts for weeks, and you know what, I hadn't even realised there was a downward trend.  I think my monitor must have been upside down.  Thanks Prof.

p.s.  The lowest point was on Feb 6th, and that low hasn't been repeated in over 2 months.
Have you changed your mind?  Only one day ago you wrote:

>**"We are in it for the tech, freedom from government, and being our own banks.**

>**Fiat is useless.  1 BTC = 1 BTC**

>**Therefore no loss of money"**

But you appear to have deleted that.

How did you change your mind so suddenly Prof.?  Or should I conclude this is pure FUD for reasons known only to yourself?

https://www.reddit.com/user/ProfDingleBerry  (near bottom of page)
If you had looked at the trend a few months ago and assumed it would continue indefinitely, you would have arrived at the opposite conclusion.

It's not that people aren't seeing it, it's that it doesn't contain any information that is useful for making predictions.

Therefore, the future is uncertain.
I’ve read so many predictions about where all this is going. The fact is that no-one knows. Including you.
How are you MrMan?
You forgot to consider Saturn being in retrograde to the trend. Totally flippity flops it prof dingly berry
Lol. You may have lost your mind.  GL. 
Just be patient. Hold. Bitcoin will do the rest...
Easy there satan 😂
It's always been this way, at least now we can see it clear and dry right? Bitcoin is still a great innovation.
Constant battering will do that to.you

We are going to this final dip before the uptrend
Heh.  That's just what my fridge was saying this morning.
Firstly this reeks of confirmation bias. Secondly news hasn't been moving this market at all, there has been plenty in of great news in the Las two months. 
Do you really think they will invest in crypto currencies & blockchain because it is a disruptive technology with arguably bright future? Of course not they will short / pump / dump and make big $ out of it. Even more when you have redditers who FOMO in each time you have a 100-200$ price increase. To the MOON guys that is so nice of you to feed old billionaires ! 
He's got people to worry about that for him.  People who understand market fluctuations.  
he isn’t the one who will actually be trading, the stress of it won’t get anywhere near him lol
Perhaps for the good of humanity before he passes away? 
Grtrjyutrt you sound like a fucking idiot. Let’s assume that Soros and Buffet (which I have no idea where you got Buffet from, it’s Soros, Rothschilds and Rockefellers)...but let’s assume old billionaires want to invest in crypto currency just to end up losing money and be stressed... are you really fucking concerned with the well-being of billionaires who lost a small portion of their wealth? What kind of simp are you? These guys won’t lose money, they haven’t got to where they are by being losers. They only win, which is why they won’t invest into Bitcoin until they see the rock bottom plus stability. Contrary to what stupid articles have been telling you, institutional investors are NOT exorbitantly investing in Bitcoin. They simply aren’t so get that out of your stupid head.
why keep fooling urslef.
Have you even looked before posting? They’re up this morning.
Offering to send someone $10 for an unlikely event versus offering to take thousands of dollars for a likely event. The odds are completely uneven here and only a fool would think this is how to ”shut up a nocoiner.” It’s a “heads I win, tails you lose” proposition.
3 digits is a bit pessimistic , 3k on the other hand... *cough*
You're a poet

and didn't realise it.
why they would do this? paying taxes? or something we do not know regarding regulation?
one of my conspiracy theories: some korean exchanges (Bithumb, etc) have received some AML letter from authorities, meaning some persons on sanction list or any form of illegal sources of money were used to trade cryptocurrencies. it might mean they are offloading their wallets
I don't want to sound conspiratorial - so shout me down if you wish.  But is this to do with Bcash?

Miners hold thousands of failing Bcash.  ASICs also hit badly by XMR.

Are they exchanging their BCH for BTC (and other coins) and dumping?

It's a potential way to do it without completely crashing the Bcash value.

Edit: clarification
Andddddd where back at 6660
What else does your crystal ball say?
This is probably the most accurate prediction of Bitcoin I've seen yet.

Edit: damn, it got deleted. Smart move, if everyone knew that secret that'd all be millionaires. 

Feel sorry for the people that missed that fantastic piece of Bitcoin advice though.
Exactly what I've been thinking. We will see...
if u look bitcoin is up around 500 % from a year ago if we see that over the next year 7000×5= 35000 December called it mark my post.
120k what?
Big targets, I don't know if it's going to be this year, might take longer. The big unknown is what happens if the US markets crash. That going to work for Bitcoin or not ? 
Lmao
I got confused that I reposted this twice lol
You don't have to buy an entire bitcoin you know.
Just sent you 3BCH
Except disclosing the person who made a sale/buy probably violates a ton of data protection laws. Not to mention is against the secure + private ethos of bitcoin. 
who said they are buying? SOROS made his money by literally shorting and breaking currencies bringing down governments etc

when soros says he's getting into bitcoin, I'm just reading that he sees another way to destroy something for his gain
Krown, we know its you bro, you've been posting this same link since March 27th/  Nobody likes a fake, just say HEY GUYS CHECK OUT MY  morning crypto show. dont be fagget
See, now this...this is the guy, he gets it.

Good, good for you buddy. Great job!
In Soviet Russia, spoon bends you.
Yea but if it was $7450 today, you’d be in utter regret. That’s why you should have stop orders in a bearish market instead of expensive market orders.
No you are reason why! 
To a little bit below 7000 :(
Im saying they bought them before that and they sell off here and there. I mean its not hard to fathom they would do it
Going to hell.
Going from the moon.
I have never voted for this kind of market. Unregulated market means swimming with sharks, dealing with people who could outsmart (manipulate) or outgun the market. 
This guy gets it.
Which is not a valid argument.. it is called argumentum ad populom.


Your taxes and utility bills are still being payed in fiat currencies.. USD is a legal tender, while BTC is not..
Therefore, in a real life outside of cryptocurrency market, fiat currency is a real money.
Which means, once you would need to cash out your bitcoin and pay for the gas, it will be a substantial difference if 1 btc would worth 1000 usd or 10.000 usd
Dude, there's life outside the basement. Your parents pay their mortgage (hint, including the basement) with their hard-earned FIAT. That's the reality.
Most people get into crytos to make money. As in dollars. 
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
No, it is and has always been all about money.

And the whales are not hoarding - that was the pre-ATH phase.  Now, it's all about dumping in the most effective way - pump & dump.
They don't care about Bitcoin, they are just manipulating the market to make daily gains from fomoing/fuding normal people. That's what i meant when i said they found a new strategy, they don't have to make bitcoin price go high to make profit. And when normal folks are all too scared to buy alot right now, the only people who can bring the price up really are the whales.
Well I'm not a trader, so I could be wrong. In which case the market is now totally dominated by short term traders (also a bad sign). Though history tells us if there's on opportunity somewhere for exploitation and there are people with the means to do it then it's almost certainly being done. Surely you can't disagree with that? 
Correct. 
Show me where it spiked 300 in minutes 
A $350 plunge in a matter of minutes is not “common”

Yeah its happened before but to say its commonplace without any bad news is ridiculous. 

Its not the dollar amount its the abruptness of it with lack of any real reason. Somebody or some group are trying to keep the price down. It was gradually rising with what looked like healthy movement then out of nowhere its smacked down. 


Oh, sorry we disappointed you squire.  Would you like me to take your horse sir - when you've finished fucking it of course sir
They are around, but there is a reason this thread was made. I thought it was a good thing myself when it started. Now it's a pimple on the face of our subreddit, wasting one our good stickies.

Edit: You know what, just because I don't enjoy it anymore doesn't mean it still isn't better than the alternative. I think I'll just start avoiding this thread. It's easy and my own damn responsibility.
Rimshot
Yeah I guess so :) 
We will see :) 
Half as much GBP as I invested initially if I sell now 
Again, this retarded mantra. "1btc is worth 1btc"


Bitcoin gained traction because of the dark net markets. All the speculators could leave tomorrow and it would still be the universal currency of drug vendors. 
And the ones who claim bitcoin will give power back to the people as well as claiming that if you don’t invest now you’re fucked.
I don't mind people making money off it. I get pissed off with these tedious 'Hodlers' who seem to think they have some moral right to make money off the backs of others.
Andreas Antonopoulos, on the other hand, a guy who actually believes in the technology of Bitcoin and in its potential to improve the world, made little money from Bitcoin because he believed in actually USING it rather than hoarding it.
I come to this Reddit hoping to see people talking about the positive benefits of Bitcoin, but all I find is a bunch of entitled crybabies whining that they're not getting rich enough.
It’s just the ones who read a couple of reddit comments and all of a sudden they think they’re Christian Bale in the big short. 
Golden tether compared to now.  All due respect for that move.
smart move

I left my computer at 8300 and forgot to tether up. Still waiting. :P
Hey that's exactly where I bought BTC!  Wanna trade holdings?
Losing with bitcoin is kind of normal but have that security of hodling.      
Fomo is super real by doing this, but Ill play it safe yet be patient to re enter.  Yeah kicking myself a little because I wanted to do it at 7k but greed and thought iy was going on uptrend kept me in it. 
If you are paying for sex, you already lost, no matter what your bank balance says.

Winning = paying *with* sex. You may have to take my word on this one.
Manipulation can destroy a market no matter how useful the product. 
Can you kill the lambo joke? Please. Not to mention there are other sexier cars like Ferrari’s, McClaren etc..
You are hunting down my posts and saying more retarded shit by the second. Lower supply does not equal higher volatility. Bitcoin can be broken down to satoshis. You really need to do some learning before talking.
Manipulation, not volatility. 
He may have met his FUDing match with the 'Prof.' down below.
 Nothing is impossible. I set my sell all at 5.9k if it go’s there I am 100% out and will never look back again.
Well.  It is a point of interest.  

There's nothing to stop this chart reversing.  

But mathematically, with such wild swings, there is *some* justification using a chart like this to smooth things out.

Who knows?
whoops
More like two beers!
It was 4:20 when I read this comment. Today was good day.
the low of the 2008 S&P500 crash, the low of the bear market a decade ago

kid you not
I think you are missing a digit
thats is good for bitcoin.
and if you're unlucky it falls to 6'950 and then goes back to 7'400  resulting in a nice bit of coin loss.
The magic button is called time. We've only been here in this range for less than 2 weeks.
[deleted]
I do both. I have a few thousand in a 300:1 forex account, that I play with as I am still learning after about 7 years trading. I only open very small positions about .1 of a standard lot during quiet times but go hard during elections, war, financial crises when the outcome is more assured. Here is one of my myfxbook accounts if you are interested.
[Forex](https://www.myfxbook.com/portfolio/pipmaster/2175500)
where’s the intrinsic value in a dime?
Just as with fiat YOU have the free choice of where to keep it. We’re talking about intrinsic value here.
You may get paid into your bank account, but it's up to you to either withdraw cash or leave it in checking. 

In your case, use Coinbase or Gemini to withdrawl to your own wallet and they could never take it back. 
I don’t smoke weed. I am trying to generate a healthy debate. But the result is always an insult in one form or another. It shows that you are easily hurt when you can’t justify a strong point.
You literally just confirmed what I was saying. Its so easy to make money when you know people will short at fake walls. 
Every time someone writes about easy money trading this market: either they are just talking shit and not really trading, or they got lucky once or twice and will be burnt later. 

It's not easy money. It's hard.
> More selling than buying

How would that even work?
It’s not George Soros, you idiot. It’s you being misled by news article that Soros started investing in crypto currency when he hasn’t even touched it. Soros is only worth $8 billion, of which he doesn’t not plan to invest even 1% of that. Most Soros would invest is $80 million which would not affect Bitcoin’s price the slightest.
So we're all in agreement ? Something is going to break ? 
so, why did they lifted it up to 7,200 during the weekend?

Quote fail! Lol

Edit: who's the dick that down voted me for that. I was just pointing it out lol. Could it really bother you so much? ;)
Margin traders aren't selling because they are scared. They are just getting on a price dropping so they can sell and then buy back at a lower price.

When a market has a large amount of margin traders, they will have a large impact on the price and then this effect is amplified.

Since we lost a lot of the new investors, based on what I see as far as volume goes, a lot of the market movement is comprised of traders right now. 

Bitcoin is currently a margin traders paradise. That's why you keep seeing 6.6k to 7.2k and then back again. Until we have more people investing again, it's going to be like this.
Thx. I worked out that I can increase the fee. It’s all good now
This pricelevel is overgrazed. At least for the common folks. Everybody who wanted to buy did so, same with everyone who wanted to sell.
Fairy dust 
In the coins you're not 50:1, so you can't get a margin call. I find that quite less risky. 
Are you sure?!!!!!
I know its really unpredictable but you can't say that there is no pattern if you zoom out and look at the graph, that would be a lie. Does it mean it will repeat again this year? Who knows. But to say there is no pattern from the previous years is just ignorant. 

If you keep watching the daily graphs of course it's gonna go up and down. If you look at the Q1 trend as a whole, it only went down. So......"went down and then right back up and then down again and up" is meh....
The reason will be whales. There literally were no reasons for last year's price pump either except whales got involved. And a few of the really big whales are already eyeing cryptocurrencies. More will come. Even Jeffrey Sprecher said to not rule out crypto joining his New York Exchange. I think last year really drew their attention.
That sir... is pretty much exactly how it works lol. 
Haha antivirus' are complete garbage, who's going to infect a PC with a virus they know will be caught.
I have never noticed any suspicious activity indicating my pc might have been infected. I know all the softwares I installed. 
Selling and re-buying at lower price
exclusive insider redditor-only information 
That's like you and me spending one dollar.  
"A name that stands out is that of the legendary investor George Soros. Bloomberg’s sources confirmed that Adam Fisher, the person in charge of global macroeconomic investing at Soros Fund Management, has received the green signal to proceed with cryptocurrency investing."

Another very prominent investor to enter into the crypto world is the Rockefeller family, through their official venture capital arm Venrock.
[deleted]
What resistance?  BTC is below every major indicator.

https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/BTCUSD/technicals/
damn it! thanks man- nasty 🤢 
I don't get this new money thing. All it takes is for old money not to sell. It's not a ponzi, it doesn't need a constant supply of new money. 
I didn't say it was news.  
'it's'   'written'
What are you talking about, I know my shnizzle
Yeah about that year bro
how much u lost when u entered the game in december bro 
Please stop listening to gullible stuff like this. Any soul out there can just get on reddit, enter a sub and state "opinions" when in reality they are just parroting. 

The noise is real and I firmly believe that this misinformation will continue to spread. Anyone who don't care about their money will be the only ones making financial decisions based entirely on something someone said on reddit, and they'll never know whether they failed or succeded out of luck or by listening to the right person. If you're smart and care about your money, make a plan for how much you are willing to invest, your minimum worthwhile ROI, and based on that, find what you want to invest in, be it crypto or something more stable. I'll say this again, just in case: make your own decisions, plain and simple. 

EDIT: I parodied above poster, since they deleted their post I should mention that this post was a parody more than anything else. I stand by forming own opinions and making own decisions tho. 
if manipulation then technical analysis is absolutely worthless they can pump to 12k then bring it down to 6k again 
that's not really manipulation
[removed]
Here's another take: https://www.cnbc.com/2018/04/09/bitcoin-tanks-below-7000-down-6-percent-in-two-hours.html

I doubt that it is taxes. Why so sudden?  And if the selling is "manipulation" than so was the buying that made the spike. 
Really? On stockmarket you can have several thousand orders placed in a few seconds. So I do not think you know what financial market looks like to write such nonsense. 
Why on Earth would they do that? The fees are terrible.
Would you mind explaining what you mean when you say, "as the short term moving average crosses above the long term moving average on the 15m chart?"
Which will tell him to ask this question in the daily.
Get thosed 1k memes ready then  :)

Seriously, if it went that low the demand would be ridiculously high.  Even an old hodler like me would buy a few more up.
I heard he shorted and crash the pound not too long ago.
They think long term.
This man is the best jinxer around
Ah fuck, 5.8k incoming boys. Thanks a lot Mithrildor.
dammit how did you know!
And so can everyone else, a short position was shared this morning...

https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8avoxb/daily_discussion_monday_april_09_2018/dx268g3/
 
[deleted]
Lol!  Up 1,000% (claimed) but lost your shit when it dropped 5% (fact).

You are so full of shit.
That's why I weighted it. It wasn't Mt Gox, it was fear of government intervention.
No, what happened?
You aint seen this one ;)

If this continue like this -> https://imgur.com/y5oplRp then we can all see that :D
  
April 06 2016 - 424 USD  
April 06 2018 - 6607 USD  
+1458.24% gain or X 15.58254716981132   
  
-------------------------
  
April 06 2020 - 102953 USD :)

-------------------------

TimeStamp:1586176496
I bought at approximately $1200 in November 2013 and at $180 in January 2015 (euro's actually). Might happen again.
What tf are you on about
Bitcoin has ED, cant seem to get it up.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
#More like Dr. Girlfriend
OMG he must have finally gotten banned. But the man cannot be stopped.
To Uranus!!!


Hell no. No fucking no
> news hasn't been moving this market at all, there has been plenty in of great news in the Las two months

This is exactly my point.  There's no new money coming into the market, only bots trading sideways.  The symptom of this is that it does not move upwards with good news (as it should).  It only moves down when bad things happen (and bot owners pull their money out)

So as you've just pointed out, until the market starts reacting to good news there's only one way this can go in the short term.  Sadly its further down : (

would really like to be wrong...
Riddle me this.  Why do people think that George Soros, Nazi collaborator and currency manipulator, has good intentions and is a good person?  He's the devil incarnate.  He supports socialism as a means to wreck an economy.
Because I know what I'm doing. My last purchases were easter week-end. While everyone else is crying in their beer and there is gnashing of teeth and wailing in streets I am buying. 

I am up. Not down on my longs. 

It's very simple. The market went parabolic. You get out, you wait for the crash, then you buy. It's been 4 months since the start of the crash. We have higher lows. We're testing major resistance. Yeah there's going to be a fight here. But basically it's time for the next move up. If nothing else. 

There might be a little more downside. It is frustrating. But it is definitely not the end of the world.  
U.S.-centric much?
I agree, however the no coiner in this case was too stupid to point that out as it turned out and the fact the OP  by showing how easy it was to collect on a bet or transfer money by just quoting a string of numbers and letters would open the eyes of the other site participants to this brand new technology.
That’s literally the entire point - shutting up a no-coiner.
There is quite a bit of support at 6.4k bro. That's not fortune telling it's have the ability to understand graphs and charts.

[deleted]
Yes, but the $20k high was up a 2000% on the previous years high. If we follow the same pattern its going to be $400k a year from when we take out $20k. So basically I'm saying we could have spikes which takes us higher faster than your target. 
Look, instead of all these silly arguments about 'failures of government', etc, let's look at reality - a lot of money that went into BTC is due to the equities bubble.  People felt rich and willing to take risks in a volatile market like cryptos.  I am one of them.

If stock market crashes, people will be licking their wounds and unwinding from high risk investments like BTC.  So you think that's good or bad for BTC?  
I think bitcoin is gaining acceptance and is in a good position to respond to failures of governments as we can see politicians and politics are arkaik governments of old now can be simply replaced with a kiosk incert code to manage said laws and let ai do the work. They are in a power struggle trying to gain acceptance from new generation but fail to to. We are no longer looking to leaders as all knowing trustworthy respectable people u are all flawed and and I think persons will look to technology for future leadership knowing it is not bound by such a primitive processor.
I think it should be the Official Bitcoin Tune. 
Soros is the boogie man, and you all should be afraid.
Sorry sir but you are wrong. People dont just sell bitcoin, they hodl because its going to 10x this year. NEVER SELL!
but, if he is shorting, he would need to 'borrow' BTCs that he would return later, and he would need to push the price down... am I right? meaning, he would need to spend certain amount on pushing the price down
Shush now or be shushed by you know who
I sold because it was declining.  Why am i the reason?
Right? Why can't we break free like Freddie Mercury? 
Whole market going down right now :( https://www.cryptomarketsite.com
thats a good one
You voted when you put your money's. Don't blame someone else. You took the decision to do this, no one else. 
Yes you did. You voted with your dollars (or real money) when you entered crypto markets. Nobody forced you to enter this market. 
You want a list of banks and fines for things like Libor ? 
http://uk.businessinsider.com/worlds-top-20-banks-misconduct-fines-worth-264-billion-2017-8
If you have ever found yourself needing to cash out your bitcoins to pay your bills, your mistake is that you have invested in more than you should have.

This is why you probably want regulations to save you from your own mistakes.
If your suggesting that I live in my parent's basement, you are mistaken.

I've already paid off my mortgage and that of my parents.
A few thousand Bitcoins at $40 000 be worth fare more than they can make from the daily gyrations with risk. It's about money, not Bitcoin. 

So yeah, it's in the whales interest to have a high Bitcoin price.
It's not totally dominated by short term traders.  There are enough holders to keep the price above 6000 when all the day traders duck out.  But otherwise I do agree.
Like 3 days ago and 2 days before that LOL
Gradually rising? What about Friday where it shot up about as much as it just dropped?
Is this sudden movement/ price manipulation a new phenomena that only affected Bitcoin after the all time high value, or has it been a part of Bitcoin trading for much longer?
Seriously ...?

Well, a simple glance at this week alone showed that it has happened a few times.  7 to 7.3, 7.3 to 6.8, 6.8 to 6.55, etc.


Well, your post shows that you are just a novice with money you can't afford to lose and a foul mouth.

Grow some balls - if you can't deal with a meagre $300+ swing, don't play.
Quick! Sell, or you won't realize your loss.
So is the U$D. If the speculators leave Bitcoin will become almost worthless. 
Bitcoin use is not really affected by the price....

The tech keeps improving..... 
It's not people's fault. The world has not caught up to BTC yet. Right now you are pretty much investing in the tech, it's not easy to spend it. It's because of these early investors that BTC can even become mainstream. It's because of them that places will accept it more. It also is a huge risk, so let them have a little reward.
I should have tethered all I had in January. Lost 90% since then.
I hope you did not sell all you have. Never trade with more than 20% of your bitcoin 
You're paying for sex on way or another... just give it time and you'll understand. :)
No cannot kill the lambo joke, this is r/Bitcoin damnit!!

Obviously I'd prefer a Ferrari as that have greatly superior handling and I actually know how to drive them and drive for a sport. But that doesn't change the fact that this is r/Bitcoin man.

People often call it manipulation when it doesn't do what they wanted it to do
i find it hard to believe BTC is going to die at this point.  Huge amounts of money has been invested.  Coinbase, Gemini, other exchanges, miners, conferences, etc.  Maybe the price crashes and gets super scary but i see it from the perspective that its the birth of a new industry 
Why be greedy - why not simply hold at this price?
but what if you do look back and its 40k?
$5.9K is such a cowardly price. The only reason you set that price is because that’s the Feb. 05 bottom. But do you even realize the total crytocurrrency market cap is about $25 billion less than that Feb. 05 bottom? Technically, you should be out now since overall market cap is far more indicative than Bitcoin’s price. The $5.9K price is completely arbitrary. Bitcoin’s next bottom could be $4.2K or $6.3K. For you, if Bitcoin bottoms at $5.9K again (which it won’t) and then springs back up to $40K, you’ve lost big. This is why there are only 3 types of winners in this bear market: (1) the traders who set buy-stop-orders, (2) the whales and (3) the HODLers. Everyone else will be a loser including yourself who lose faith in Bitcoin once it hits some arbitrary low that was established based on nothing. And I doubt you will be out. You’re an emotional dramaqueen so you’ll definitely be back once Bitcoin is bullish again.
Fact checked it..Friday afternoon, March 6 2009. It was the ATL.
It is very unfortunate we didn't cross over there, though.
Man, I did it fully automated for a long time. Ive coded hundreds of systems for it. Ran some very sophisticated systems written in JAVA using Oanda's API. The main problem is you never have enough money for it. I estimate I'd need at least $2 mil to make it work at a level where I could happily live of it mainly because the volatility is so low. You don't get the constant value changes you get here. So it would have to sit and putter around for a few years before you can really rely on it for income. 

But here if you're awake you can make that in a few months. So there's really no point in even bothering with forex again. 

And of course Oanda stopped offering their JAVA API and I just wasn't going to recode all of that again. Third time they do this to me. So I just stopped, transferred all my funds into Crypto. 

You just can't pull these kind of figures you get here out of fx. 
It's a form of currency accepted entirely  throughout the wealthiest country in the world? Its also relatively stable. 
Lol. Keep trying. Answering a question with a question, is not an answer. If I have to explain the history of USD (and it's "intrinsic value") to you, you should definitely stay far away from crypto. 
I think I need to get a wallet... hrm....
BTC has no intrinsic value
[removed]
This is correct. 
True, I always make money on my trades but I feel like I'm just making lucky guesses and not really reading the market which means sooner or later I'm going to get burned.

That's all fine, but question is, can I win more than I loose. Idk, just feels like gambling with better odds.
this subreddit is literal evidence of how easy this market is to predict. 
Didn't become interested until after the bubble burst, but, actually, it has been easy shorting Bitcoin since early January. In fact, it's become boringly predictable.
yea, my virginity.
We’ll see I guess 
The whales have started hoarding other alts that they will pump.

Where BTC is concerned, it's in the dump phase.
as far as i know the whole point of the Nano is you can plug it into Any computer even if its loaded with viruses.  Because of the design  viruses can't affect the Nano.  I could be wrong, but that's what i read and why i bought it
That is NOT what shorting is.   shorting is when you borrow a coin from an exchange with the understanding that you MUST return that coin at some point.

When you have possession of the coin, you sell it, say for $15,000 USD.  Two months later,  you buy a coin on the open market for $7,500 and give it back to the exchange.  You sold high and bought lo and made $7,500.


Is it possible to do this without paying fees? Coinbase charges each transaction from fiat to crypto and vice versa.
"Heads up guys, Rockfella money moving into BTC"
Troll post, I read they brought some, that's all.  
Me too...
https://www.tradingview.com/x/yTViZHf1
It's just a deleted comment guys. Come on, you've seen worse.
[removed]
Just had to come back and gloat huh? Lmao, well now it's crashing again..cuz you jinxed it by gloating.
Ha! We need more than this my friend, much more. This is just a whale manipulating the price to lure in some suckers...
It looks like it though.
Did you even read the post that I replied to? Guy claimed that everybody is cashing out vs manipulation. Captain dickface.
I was a stockbroker. You are a moron. If you think that 1000 people flooded in to sell Bitcoin within a 15 minute window after super low volume for hours with NO news catalyst then you have no idea what you are talking about.
Buying OTC? If you're some bloke with millions worth of Bitcoin to buy, you're not going to buy it off Gdax. For larger volumes, always better to buy it OTC.
So if you go to gdax and look at the charts there are charts for 1 minute, 5 minute, 15 minute, 1 hour, 6 hour, and 1 day intervals.  It gives you the option to overlay the moving averages onto the chart.  You want to see both long-term and short-term.  As the price fluctuates up and down you can see points where the short term (red) crosses above and below the long term (gray).  When the red crosses above the grey on the 15m chart you see an uptick in buying because that signifies a market upturn and the daytraders buy in to make their profits.  As the red drops below the gray you see a lot of selling as the daytraders know the market is done going up, so they sell out to buy the next upswing.  When these reversals happen on the 1hour, 6hour, and 1 day charts you get massive movements up and down as more people buy in on a long term reversal than on the shorter term reversals.  Whales don't exist doing the things the ignorant individuals here think they do to swing the market up and down.  These are just daytraders who contribute to mass buy ins and sell offs when the market reverses on different wavelengths creating these swings.
Step 1:  Horde all bitcoin so there is no use, demand, or application for them.

Step 2:  ????

Step 3:  Profit.
Now I can't sleep.  Thanks.
I'm Mark Zuckerberg
Is this how it works? Whales make huge sell off and then puts out propaganda calling for a 45% crash to get fish to sell?
Well, congrats!

GG
Learned something new today. Thank you that was an interesting trip on Google.
Im up over 100,000% at least and still lose my shit at 5% drops.
Heh - no, read my posts, I wrote nothing about the dip or losing money.

Go on squire, read it again and I'll clean up your horse for you.

Now stop being so presumptuous try to be nice.

Edit: toned down
Nothing unusual about wanting to be ahead in both the long term and the short term.
I dunno, I wasn't on the scene then, but from what I heard, Mt Gox was a pretty huge contributor to the crash. It would be like Coinbase taking every bodies Bitcoins today and running. 
Fear of government intervention has been here since it started. 
Love was changing the minds of pretenders

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gs069dndIYk
Nice logarithmic graph.
Ok when do you plan on buying next?
Figure it out. 
I know it's not complicated FUDer - it can't be if you can grasp it.  By the way, your understanding of elliptic curves is on a level with Faketoshi's.  (Not intended as a compliment BTW)  :)

Edit: clarification
I get what you're saying, but are other coins breaking this trend or is this crypto market wide?
Could you stop stating the obvious please?

BTW, that horse you were fucking was only doing it for a bet.

I'm puzzled by your cognitive dissonance, especially regarding your previous posts positive towards crypto.  But I can see now.

You sold your BTC for Bcash didn't you?
I think you may appreciate this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXyT1vy3BII&feature=youtu.be&t=27
I myself have a broad and very deep understanding s as well and I see it the other way. I do not make my financial decisions based on a reddit poster. I am doing just fine and if I it reaches my set trigger point. I will sell and still leave with a very nice profit.
Have you developed a way to see the future?
No.
You have not.
Yes it means there is no correlation between the fundamentals and the technical indicators right now. The technicals aren't great either(more unreliable than usual) so...what to do. 
I have no idea what he is like, I have never met him or spoke with him.
where did this "nazi collaborator" nonsense come from? Soros was aged 9-14 during that time period and pretended to be Christian in order to avoid being killed
There's not much evidence of that apart from internet memes
Bitcoin-centric much? Why look at the price if bitcoin when you can look at some shitty altcoin?
> ed before posting? They’re up this morning.

Are you hammered? Emerging ETF's are up on the day as well. Most things are up. Russia-centric much?
That doesn’t shut them up, it just makes you look like a fool for offering a bet that isn’t a real bet because the one offering has nothing to lose and the one accepting has nothing to gain.
Totally just basic understanding of graphs and charts
Haha got one.

Edit: well you didn't need to down vote me and delete your comment, planb. It just looked like he banged his head on the keyboard and pressed enter. I was going to tell you eventually.

Either way, my original point remains valid.
Bitcoin loves to ×2
I see I see call me conservative but i like where we are going low end looks good high end looks  amazing.
I'll argue that if the equities crash you're going to lose banks. Deutsche first because they're in deep shit. Now with all the OTC derivative exposure the top 5 banks have, if one goes, they all go. 

And banks can do bail-in's in the entire western hemisphere legally. It was legalised globally 3 months after the Cyprus event. Basically your money can be confiscated at will at this point.  

So when that happens, if you start getting bank runs. Where do people go ? Where's the safest place you move assets into in a hurry ? It's probably crypto. Gold is useless. Last time we had this the US government simply confiscated it. Maybe assets in broker house will be ok. But I'd sure like some crypto in hand mainly because it's outside of the system. It's not easy to confiscate in bulk unlike money in a bank account. 

So I think it might be good for Crypto. And remember every now and then the world does change financial systems. Last one was the tally system in Europe. 

We're going into this crises with a new option. 
Couldn't agree more
Thats what Soros wants you to think
he can just make a deal with gdax, deposit $100mil and pay gdax to give back the borrowed btc 

what happens is usually he's on the sell side so price can't go up no matter how much buyers are coming in

he can show he is light on the offer but if you look at the time and sales you see he has more at hand than he's showing

wales move markets their only game is to hide as much as possible so others can't piggyback 

Because people don't seem to like that there are others who are able to make money on the way down, while they sit like a deer in the headlights - hoping and wishing for the market to make the money for them, rather than being proactive.
Because one of them is dead, not sure about the other.
I voted with Euros, and in the EU, we are protected by regulators.

I do understand that you value your freedom (of being unregulated/unprotected) more than your wallet, but that's you (or, you Americans).
Your IRA tax authority will come to collect taxes from you, but you would still not ask for a protection from SEC/CFTC
They are fined for that, and libor will be discontinued because of that..

But, there was a strict regulation and due process that brought them to paying fines.

yeah, shame on people wanting to use a cryptocurrency as currency!
Absolutely ... as high as possible before dumping it in stages, which is where we are now after ATH.

I do not think anyone will dispute that the run up last year to $20k was staged and manipulated.  The problem is that with so much attention now, whether it can be pulled off again.
[removed]
Heh.  You have no idea do you?
Math doesn't make sense.  How have you lost 90% from 18k to 9k?
Nah man. My situation is enviable to say the least.

From your comment, I would expect that you are paying for sex in some way, but perhaps you have went [next-level on the whole game](https://i.imgur.com/p7kWOUO.png).
"5% drops in 20 minutes are totally organic. It reflects a 5% drop in people's trust in the underlying technology and people's valuation in bitcoin as a store of value"

\- you
Yes, that's a logical stance.  The technological inertia is huge.  I'm sure it will work out - at least for BTC.

I honestly wouldn't have much confidence in altcoins - although Monero has some special qualities, so I'm in there 10% to cover that privacy base.
He's not going to look back. He's smart enough to know it'd wreck him to find out he could have bought at 40k and then sold at 5.9k instead of 20k.
Well, you’re somewhat right. But I will still be leaving with a sizable profit. If it reaches my set trigger point. But regardless, thx for snapping me out of my funk. I’ll try and remain positive and keep from posting personal strategy plans.
was it 666 area?
That's true. However I plan on keeping going with forex for a few years and build up a track record. If I can get it up to 10% growth per month with a relatively low drawdown, you can make a good living trading other peoples accounts. You just need to build up a good long track record. Already had a couple of inquiries but I am happy to potter along just for myself. I used to code trading bots on MT4. However I didn't have enough patience back them to run them long enough to see if they were gong to be profitable. Always tinkering and changing them and deleting them and getting pissed off with paying for the Forex server to run them 24 hrs on. Anyhow once I realized that a longer time frame (Daily or weekly) charts suited my personality better, I in turn became a better trader. Don't need bots for longer frame charts, just pending orders. Haven't done a market order in ages.
Its made of cupronickel and is backed by the Fed. The intrinsic value is trust in the Government. My point is cupronickel isn’t worth shit. But we trust it and use it for trade. If the value of BTC isn’t worth shit then it would reflect the value of it and more importantly the persons holding it. Right now it’s close to being worth 7k. I’d say the people holding it have intrinsic value.
BTC has no intrinsic value
TL;DR Doesn't know the answer. lol
What question? You didn't ask any question. Keep trying.
Download Coinbase, it's the easiest.
Maybe so- not one person has explained where the intrinsic value of the dime falls. Besides the Fed.
So, if I offered you 10 bitcoin for $100, you wouldn't take it?

Even if you don't think it has value, you know that everyone else does, so you'd still be willing to buy it at SOME price, knowing others would offer more for it. Value is consensus, because you bet your ass that someone who thinks Bitcoin is a bubble would buy it. Just like I give value to fiat just because others give value to it.
Again, you’re missing the whole point. It shows that you really do not have any substantial points to make regarding your views. Again, you’re just as emotional as the hodler that hopes BTC reaches 100k by October- Your no different than they are.
Looks to me like **you** are the one who needs to slow down on the weed because **you** are the one who-oohhh, I just realized you're MrMan/WunderBaah tolling. Haha
Kind of hard to do when BTC is still the main coin used to exchange those ALTs. 
Yes.
I know, but they have been hacked before. I'm sure it's safe, but do you want to be sitting there with the realization that all your coins are gone and all you had to do was find a computer you could trust?

$250 at Staples for a shit laptop running a live os like tails and then you never have to worry or question it. Like buying insurance for a one time fee.
Can Joe Blogs buy crypro. put options anywhere?
It is not, you must pay regular buy and sell fees as well as interest. So you can't just short and long 100 Bitcoin's on the 10$ mark and make $1000 each time. You have to make enough to cover the fees and still make a profit.
Coinbase doesn't charge for their exchange, only the app and wallet. 

GDAX uses Coinbase login and if you learn to use it, it's free. Limit orders, at least. 
Lol ... I can draw lines to suit any argument too :)
Don't crit. someone else's English then.  It might not even be the poster's first language.
Janeway here.
I don't see why people are so up in arms about price manipulation. Of course there is manipulation. It's a permissionless trustless system, it's basically designed for people to try to game it. It happens in the stock market, and crypto doesn't have all those regulations. Whales can only control the weather though. They can't do much about the climate, other than hurting investor confidence. History has thus far shown that bitcoin increases in value, and we don't have a compelling reason to believe it won't keep doing that.
I thought they always had much higher fees doing that. But I guess idk, there's no places  buy OTC here.
I appreciate the explanation and advice! I will be referring to this comment in the future. Thanks bud
Don't blame me..he's the one that jinxed us, look its already falling again.
That's exactly their plan and sadly it seems to have been working for them for too long.
Never saw Potter, but was fun to look it up
Gosh, so in addition to being a loser, you are also a hypocrite.

I merely said that a $300 drop is very common and you asked me to fuck a horse for that comment.

Well, like I said - if you can't deal with a $300 swing, you are in the wrong league.
I was there and Mt Gox gave an initial sharp fall in price to maybe $800 but the long tail all the way down to $180 was fear of US/Chinese or US+Chinese government intervention plus the idea that nobody was interested in something like bitcoin and nobody ever would.
True but we have been extremely lucky with the US government. How the bitcoin price could rise so much after the Chinese government banned all exchanges is still a mystery to me.
Haha, funny.
I'm done buying except maybe around that $3000 range.
If you want to spam your SJW shit, atleast make it fitting. What does manipulation (btw illegal in stocks) have to do with opinions?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
From his 60 minutes interview : https://youtu.be/QSyczwuTQfo
Once again, that is the entire point! The bet is literally PURPOSELY designed to be unfair because the one proposing the bet is trying to prove the point of how ridiculous it is to postulate that btc will be worh $10 by EOY. Are you truly that dense man? It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to understand the message behind OP’s story, especially after being explicitly told “That’s the entire point”.  No one so much as even alluded to the idea that it was a fair bet, nor that it had to be one.
Yes, it does require only the most basic understanding of charts and graphs.

Should I also point out the fact that he was not making a prediction?
[deleted]
Dude, you shouldn't be hoping for a collapse of the economy just to earn some measly $ from cryptos.  To be candid, I dislike people like you, trying to get rich on the miseries of a lot of other people.
Could easily tweak this into a rap. Lol
ok nocoiner, just lmao if you dont think Soros will pump all our bags and make us rich. Get a clue noob
>  usually he's on the sell side so price can't go up no matter how much buyers are coming in
> 
> he can show he is light on the offer but if you look at the time and sales you see he has more at hand than he's showing
> 
> 

ok, got it.. but, for example, he/someone sold 3k BTCs 2 hours ago, and there wasn't enough volume until now to buy back the same amount of BTCs.. what then? (and the price almost came back to the previous level)
And you knocked it right out of the park! 
No cryptos are for fools. I would not touch it even at $1. 

You seem to be the one complainging about unregulated crypto markets. Obviously uou have been burned.
Oh please man, HSBC had purpose made boxes so drug cartels could deposit their money easier. And when they get caught they get a slap on the wrist, like 1% or 2% of what they earned from the illegal activity. There is no such thing as strict regulation. 
That is a mere drop in the bucket to what is actually going on. Consider this: Do you think its really a personal vendetta that Trump has with Bezos, the richest man in the world, the biggest company not only in America but in the history of the world, or is it insider manipulation? If you were the richest mother fucker ever and wanted to buy some stock of your own company would you do it when it's riding an all time high or would you need some help to drive it down before you bought it up? Don't be stupid. Mr_P_Pui understands - it's all rigged and that's how you can succeed, by understanding the game. Some will never understand and they are the one's who become the cannon fodder for the big guns. 
Yeah, basically.

"I mailed cash to another continent and my package was lost in transit!"

Right tool for the right job. If you know your bills can't be paid in crypto, why would you expect to be able to?

I think we're going to $400k...
lol someone’s cranky
You can't look at graph of last 7 days you retarded fuck?
Big assumptions there man. XD big assumptions!
You invent quotes for people aswell as hate humanity for volatile markets?

You may need a hobby :)
I'm not like 100 percent sure what your asking but it closed at 666.
I think you'll find a few spikes here will take you off fx forever. Just not worth the hassle. And investing for people is a pain. Suddenly they all think they own you because they gave you money. No thanks...

Crypto doesn't have a very high work load. So high income, lower risk than fx, less work. No brainer...
I would ask you to donate it to charity. 
[removed]
What do you think the direct crypto to fiat move by Binance is all about?  And Bitfinex already offer fiat for most of the alts it carries.

Cheers. 
I think a lot of people are watching that line. 
If my calculations are correct, this means climate change is true: https://mcraeblog.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/soonlegatesfig1.gif
It'd be a bad deal for a buyer to try to throw $ at Gdax only to discover that even a $10,000 purchase is causing the price to skyrocket. Ever try buying up a lot of a low cap coin on Binance and gotten really mad at how people started freaking out and raising the price? That's not a situation buyers wants.  

OTC purchases mean the price is way more predictable. And the rumors I'm hearing is that anyone who isn't like JP Morgan or Morgan Stanley in having bought back in 2017 when Bitcoin was where it is now is buying it up via OTC sales.
Knowing when to sell is the tricky part, as greed and the uncertainty of how much it could go up will keep you in it too long and you won't be able to make a sell before the market drops.  Trade on paper before using real money (give yourself an imaginary purse of as much as you plan to put in and make some imaginary trades for a few days/weeks). Then, realize in real life it's harder to make your buys and sells at the prices you want than you'd think, as you need to avoid fees as much as possible.  Requires predicting how much the market will swing so you can set up the transactions ahead of time.  There are also more market cues to pay attention to than I can go into detail on, but there are a lot of YouTube traders you can check out if seriously interested.
[removed]
LOTR=/=Harry Potter. Made me laugh though
You arrived on these boards and immediately wrote:

> I was expecting to find people with good experience here. Disappointing.

And I still don't understand why you think I can't deal with a swing.  I have said nothing about the swing!  Are you alright?


Making things "illegal" increases their value. 

Which is why "banning" things doesn't work.

It **creates** incentive. 
Just looks like you want to sue people for having a different opinion to yours. And prevent them from posting it. Bit Nazi. 
Congrats on your first successful troll/shill my friend. What have you got in-store for us next?
Then there's nothing to worry about. It'd a down trend for crypto, I'd only be worried if it was happening to btc alone, blockchain/cryptos aren't going away and aren't going to die.
The sun will probably rise tomorrow

Yes, that is abundantly clear, and I’m saying it isn’t clever or witty at all if the point is to “shut them up”.  It just makes you look like a retard.
Sorry, I don't put much faith into technical analysis. You think those nonsense charts pan out as expected every time according to TA?
Well now I'm just sad... :( I thought we were friends plan.
I'm not hoping for it. It's going to be hard for everyone. But it is a certainty at this point. And I have the knowledge to position myself for it, so I and more importantly my family, doesn't have to suffer decades of poverty. Mainly because of an unfair and predatory financial systems that benefits a few individuals at great cost to the rest of us. 

I'm making money from Crypto anyway. Regardless if there is going to be collapse or not. I just hope that a collapse is good for the crypto's. 
he keeps selling so prices goes even down further

keeps selling

down

down

then he says okay i'm good (can be very long time) and he just buys back lower (or over a long period so it doesn't climb up)

it's killing everything you can't fight guys like soros

they are

killer wales
Then why you are on this subreddit/topic? I presume you are in a crypto market..

FYI, I entered into it, when btc was far far lower
Do you own a Lamborghini ? Nope. Hell of a lot of people who put $1 into Crypto do...
Seizing the rest of the money from the account was a nice substantial income for the government
I am not following Trump's case with Amazon..

Ummm, message me if it busts $10k.
No. Asking for proof for a claim should be a minimal request. Lots of claims with very little support in this thread every day. 
Yes. Nowhere does it pump $300 in MINUTES. Stupid asshole.
One good turn deserves another.
So are you honestly attributing 5% / 20 minute drops to volatility? Is that your position here?
how crazy is that
Thanks Have a nice day.
I'd say no. Take it or leave it. Take the 10 BTC now by letting me scan your code, or leave it, for $100. Youd take it and donate it right? That means you know it has value because you took it knowing it will do good.
No worries there. I am real about my investment and know exactly what I am doing. Put all your faith and trust in the Government and hope and pray that they’ll dig all of us out of debt. Because your intrinsic blind faith in fiat currency is what is truly wrecking us all.
Lol ... you do have a tendency to overrate your opinions.

I think most people are still wondering about the $350 drop from nowhere when it was climbing steadily from 6.85 towards 7.2.  

You got a chart to explain this?  Or you got only "happy and positive hype" charts?
Well, according to my weather chart, we should be in ice age within next 5 hours.
aw yes, tired. Lol forgot the effect larges buys have on the price. Makes much more sense now that you've stated the obvious. Haha
Your propaganda is just getting started? See you in 8 months.
And my statement was made in the context of a $300 swing, which you replied in that context.

I should be the one asking if you are ok to get so angry over this.
Makes sense but I expected first a huge dip in price.
Emotions are boiling over. We are near the bottom.
Yes I do agree with that. This “bet” wouldn’t shut them up at all and they would just move on with their lives, lol.
It isn't really TA so much as it is stating that that's where a lot of people are willing to buy at, based off  posted limit orders and past trends. 

Identifying support levels is less about speculation and more about what you can actually see. It doesn't guarantee that Bitcoin will do anything.
I frankly do not see how speculating in BTC will address the issues you are talking about.

All your ranting about "predatory financial systems" and here you are, participating in a system where exchanges, ICOs and whales are collaborating on wholesale price manipulations and 'pump and dump'.

Anyway, go on believing whatever fantasies you want.  
ok... how would you recognize such a 'serial killer' is on the move? I am saying because right now, the price started to recover..
also, what if there is some larger investor buying the sell? he could run out of steam at one moment (Soros)
I read newspapers, I follow finance, micro/macro economy, politics, market trends, cruptos etc.  Just because I comment on something doesn’t mean I recommend or embrace it. 
Hell of a lot people won lottery every day by putting $1 into the game.
No it wasn't. They lost tax revenue, they spent millions on the investigations and they gave a insignificant fine. 
Not going to happen.  Dumping will start before 8k, then cycle will repeat.  Might as well go with the flow, bro.
yeah I wasn’t talking about the request lol
[removed]
I'm not really worried about it. I don't care why it happened. Soon enough we'll have unexplained positive moves. 
But I'm not angry - I'm a hodler.

If you arrive on message boards and immediately state that you are disappointed, do you expect people to embrace you?

To make up, I have one of Mcafee's cows if you're interested.
I'm near my bottom.
Oh and the banks don't do that at all. And they can just create money out of thin air and to get it I have to sell my time for eternity. That's much better than Bitcoin. 

At least they can't switch me off in Bitcoin. 

Speculating in Bitcoins means nothing, it's just another asset for now, but if enough people get shafted enough and opt out of current system entirely then you would end up with much more honest and fair system. Where a small group of people don't own everything. 
Recover?
Again! LOL! You’re completely missing the point! Not at one point in time have I ever mentioned that I believe that BTC will be the World premier currency. Not at all- The POINT is that the intrinsic value of fiat lies into the trust of the FED. The Intrinsic value of BTC lies with the individual person. Group think/individual think. Now- we are in extreme debt and quickly becoming unsustainable. What happens when it does? WW3. Gold has intrinsic value. it is what it is a fundamental element on the periodic table-nothing more nothing less but what an individual is willing to pay for it. BTC follows these same rules.
Thanks, ... you just illustrated your investing acumen.

At least I know who not to look for advice here.
Ah ... the Angry Little Man syndrome.

Full of sod stories about how the world is rigged against him.

Seen plenty of your kind loitering the streets.  So BTC is replacing your lottery tickets?
[removed]
I think a better way to describe this would be that the intrinsic value of btc lies with the trust of a distributed, decentralized system. That’s because it can’t be attacked best at one point unless you’re talking about exchanges or other large crypto companies. There is also no central body controlling it or that can be manipulated/hacked, opposite to how most corporations and governments are today. Saying the intrinsic value lies with the individual person makes you sound crazy to someone uninformed about crypto. 

E: granted, the guy you are arguing with is either a troll/fudster/idiot, but in the future explaining it better wont feed idiots like dr. dingleberry as much. 
Thank the lord for that ! I have to put down my beer every time I have to type. Kind of tedious.  
I just get Bitcoin mate. You don't. 

The worlds current financial system is disgusting. And so is the political systems. They all need to be replaced. Decentralisation of power and money. That's what needs to happen. And that's what's starting to happen. 
For a person thats so “addicted” to substances -I sure can articulate my point better than yourself. It points to the fact that you keep creating false narratives thats convenient for your own self worth.
Thx. point taken
Hypocrite
[removed]
Look I haven't made any personal comments about you, and that's all you've been reduced to now. I don't care what you think of me, but understand you're the one resorting to name calling, not me. 
Sure is lil one. instead of a little fishy - I am more of a barracuda. Because my self worth had me as an early investor.
It's fine when people want to profit.  Isn't that what you were doing drawing silly charts and proclaiming about BTC's worth in ...... USD?

Then you come here in this thread taking a dump about how the world financial system is disgusting.  The very same frigging system you are using to measure the worth of BTC.

You are not only a hypocrite but a moron as well.
But I have manners. Something you're a bit short on. 

The system is disgusting, but it does have measures of value that's widely accepted. Like the USD and gold even if both are heavily manipulated. So if you're going to assign value to something you have to compare it to a standard. Doesn't make the system any less disgusting, but it is what we have until it is replaced because it collapsed under its own corruption or something better. 

I do have a bank account. So I use the corrupt system. Does that make me a hypocrite ? No it makes me someone with very limited options. Doesn't mean I don't understand how abusive that system is. 
