Daily Discussion, February 15, 2018
imagine the hype and media coverage after it passes 10k !!! 
it will break all the resistance lines maybe all the way up to 15k. 

we just need to pass 10k now. 
Two weeks ago we were at 6k. Fuckin kudos to all those who hodled the dip from 20k to 6k and up back now to 10k.
[deleted]
I’ve noticed that when things are going well there are far fewer comments here.  Where are all the FUD shit-talkers from a couple weeks ago?  
We are at knocking on the door of a bad bitch [here.](https://imgur.com/SbQ8B6u) 

She kept us warm on the cold night when 20k wasn't having it. She was there for us when 16k kicked us out, she's the one who kept us from falling. When 17k gave us the boot, she gave us a warm place to put our range inside of her for weeks. But ultimately, she could not take any more of our shit, and had to let us go on Feb 1st. That stung. FUD was spoken, and feelings were hurt. And boy did we go downhill from there.....

It took us hitting rock bottom, waking up in 6k's dirty bed of despair, with FUD on our face, smelling like broken dreams, regret, and bear shit, to finally take a look in the mirror and say "I've had enough, and I refuse to sink. I am good enough, I have real value, and dog gone it, HODLERS LIKE ME." 

We pulled ourselves up, took a shower, got a clean shave and a slick haircut and started walking back up that long road. And yes, at one point, we did turn back. When everyone is telling you, "you'll never make it, turn around while you still can, your transactions are too slow, your blocks are too small," it's hard to not discouraged. But after a couple nights sleeping in the bear-infested woods with the weak hands and the flippeners, we got it back together and continued on. 

[And here we are](https://imgur.com/tOOMXpX), 2 weeks later, back at *her* door, the day *after* St. Valentine's day, begging for a place to put our price range while we get on our feet again. She doesn't have to let us in right away, she will likely resist our advances, or she could slam that door right in our face and walk away. And if she does we will just have to hang around somewhere between here and 9k, fending off bears and fudsters, until we build up the confidence and support to try again. But we won't give up. We know our future is bright and our destiny is so much bigger than her and her halfway house. We are the ALPHA COIN. And if necessary we will kick in the door. And in the future, after we come and gone, she'll be proud that she had us inside her so many times before we blew up. 


Co-worker who snarkily said to me, "Hey, how's your BITCOIN doing today " the other week when it "crashed" has been awfully quiet today.... Of course he asked only becuse he read an article that it crashed.

I got in @ $2600. Still up!
nooby here. Just wanted to let you guys know I'm now a bitcoin owner so you can make your future plans for immense wealth. Lol. Been watching you guys for the last month and have learned quite a bit.  Got a lot of good laughs too.  Thanks to all keep it coming. 
mood swings here are insane lol.
10K !!!! :)
Can we break 10k?
Holy crap did you guys just see the 40btc buy order just now?
We should really try to get a “Bitcoin back over 10k” post or meme on front page of all
I'm looking at the monthly charts. Only time will tell if I'm wrong but I'll say it again: we're recovering. No amount of bad news has been able to bring this thing down to its knees.
Once bitcoin hits 20k, it's going straight to 20k. And it will stay there for an indeterminate amount of time
Well, purchased $1000 worth.... It's on hold til the 24th, But atleast dipping my toes....
Europe, you had one job.
Anyone else panic buy in today? Fomo Club, represent!
I just realized I don't have a place to store my lambo.
Steady, guys. Just a few whales passing by and making profit.
I will not be tricked into selling my bitcoin ever again. This baby is going to—at least—20,000 this year. 
Aaaaand we are back above 10k 
I said this yesterday and I will say it again today. I am putting my money where my mouth is, even if it is only a couple hundred dollars. 

$10k is a mental barrier. Most people out there put in buy/sell orders right at even numbers, mistake by the way imo. We will likely break 10k before Monday. 

-Chinese New Year (well not just China) but it is tradition to give cash in red envelopes. Asians love Bitcoin and therefore I fully expect them to be buyers, especially with the majority of this kind of cash being given to younger generation who is more quickly to adopt technologies like bitcoins. 
-US CPI was higher than expected and there are some inflation fears growing in US markets. 

Some concerns I have are what will the Fed say 1 month from now. Tether Subpoena is a little worrisome. I mean there are threats out there but right now they are slow moving. 

FOMC Meeting:
There are really just 2 options for for the FED but it is the wording that is going to matter to people's fears out there. How optimistic they are on the economy or pessimistic. 

Now if they come out and say that the economy is overheating and we are going to have to raise rates faster than expected. I fully expect another market correction, this would be a Bearish signal imo. Not just for US markets but for Bitcoin as well. 

If they say they see some threats yada yada yada not increasing the number of times they will be raising rates. We will correct to the upside. Possibly testing Bitcoins highs honestly. Once we break 10k, which should be before Monday quite honestly, I fully expect the Chinese New Year to carry us through 12k and then we bounce up and down 12-14k as we close in on that FOMC Meeting to hear what they have to say about the US economy. 

There are a lot more positives going for this. Keep in mind we are transitioning from the innovator stage to the Early Adopter phase in Bitcoin. I have way to many people telling me your crazy. 

Crypto is a bubble in the same way that the .Com bubble happened. Here is the thing however. 9/10 .Com's went bust, but if you were right on just 1 of them, you ended up owing a piece of Amazon or Google. The thing is you never know which ones will bust out, AskJeeves, and which ones will be readily adopted as the lifecyle moves on. This is a Trillion dollar market imo. And we are sitting well below a trillion dollar market cap in all coins. That tells me that we have a ways to grow here, we have not seen nothing yet. 
HOW DO WE FEEL
Nooby question:

If I want for price to go up, which color do I support for on gdax in order books and charts?
I just bought some, so it's gonna go down drastically in a minute. You can thank me later.
welcome back 10k!
Hey boys don't sell ok
ITT: Once Bitcoin breaks X, it's going to X! I have no basis for this, but it WILL happen!

Same person last month: Once it falls to X, it's straight down to X! It's all over!
small dip and bitcoin is back on its feet. wtf
I just bought more for the hell of it. 
Relax people. We went up over $1,000 in less than 24 hours. It's all good :) 
Does anyone feel like they are missing out simply because they don't have big funds to invest in bitcoin? I'm only invested a couple thousand wish I had the money to invest more 😔
HAPPY NEW YEAR GUYS !

It is over $10K and I just made my last investment. 

BTCfellows, our holding is paying off
Question. If I buy $1000 dollars of btc on coinbase, can I access that money via selling at anytime?  I know this sounds dumb, but I'm trying here...
Of course i made a large purchase using bitcoin and the price just keeps going up after.  Oh well cant complain.
The pretender is being pumped again. Interview coming up?
Watching this battle trying to break past the $10,215ish mark on gdax is quite entertaining, keep eyeing it up on my other monitor while playing leagues. 
So... Where's the guy that was posting "btc is a dead cat" everyday for the last 2 weeks?
Bitcoin has a good character. Some people had forgotten to step in. So he picked them up. Now lets move back to 10K Let's go!
Will it go under 7500$ in the next few weeks?
Minor correction now seems complete, bring on $12k.
10k looking solid for today
when 10k be reached, fomo???
10K ANYTIME NOW
Feels good to smell some green grass
10K BABY, WE GOT 10K A COIN IN THE BAG!! PREPARE FOR THE FUUUUD POSTS
Happy New Year guys~ Loving the Chinese yet?
Honest question, no FUD - what is driving this increase? Is a return to 20k all time high justified given that LN still isn't out?
11k by tomorrow?
China getting ready for New Year's
Bitcoin transaction fee is insanely low compared last December 2017
Very disappointed.  This was supposed to have been north of 10k by the time my bubble bath was done.  And I was in there nearly 45 minutes.  Maybe I needed more bubbles.
I predict the price will either go up today, or down.
I’m willing to bet a full bag of internets I’m right.
oof



Resistance at 10k is strong. 
Panic bought .5 BTC. Fuck me. 
gong hai fat choi motherfuckers
Bitcoin walls are falling down, falling down, falling down..
SHE'S GONNA MAKE IT
10K 10K 10K 10K 10K 10K 
10K just as lunar new year happen :v 
Woohoo
moon time!
BULL TIME!!!
Nice little BTC, i'm sure you can still do better.
RELEASE THE BULLS 
AAAAAnd we're off
We flew to close to the sun at $10,100.... :( 
This shit really needs to slow down so I can buy lmao
damn those jumps below and aboev 10k are scary. hope 10k stays strong when asia wakes up 
Got in @ $10,004.46

Now FLY!
Quick! We need paddles to resuscitate this flatline...
asia waking up soon, either taking the gains or pumping the shit out of btc
Weve passed 10k is people pumping or they really getting into it? Thats the question 
TO THE MOON!
Coinbase Commerce will make spending crypto mainstream!!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btVpAV_9ZY8
Once Bitcoin breaks out of 12k, its game over. Its going to 25k+
bitcoin +1k  every day.

so this time everyone have time to buy bitcoin.
Guys, it's great to see the positive spirit and hello $10k!  It seems that many here have short memories and we need to keep ourselves grounded.  

Remember - we have had 4 crashes in the last 2+ months.  We have also not yet recovered fully from last crash ($11,750 down to $6,187).  

So trade carefully - don't get swayed by many who are overly bullish and there is no shame in taking profit if you ahead.  We are at a point where another crash or a spike are both likely to happen.

Stay safe.
I bought Bitcoin at 900 Dollars in late 2016
 :)
the 10k crossing was fucking sick. there were like ten 30 BTC buys , some 20 BTC buys  and some 35. whales are back. hope they keep it above 10k 
Take your measly profits, you vultures!
yooouuu get a lambo and .....yoooouuu get a lambo and.....you get a lambo, too! You're all getting lam-boooooos! (Oprah hands) !!!!.  .!!!!  (< those are waving hands)
All these green dildos are making me excited...
Congrats guys! We've barely improved the protocol since the ATH mempool and now the price is going up! This makes sense!
didn't bitcoin die a few weeks ago?
We may never see four digit prices agian 
The next few hours will be interesting with New York waking up.  
Looks like the guy selling at the top really fucked himself over lol
What's the current theory about what caused the $600 jump yesterday?
This sucks so bad. I started a bank transfer to my USD Wallet on Coinbase two days ago with the intent of buying a bitcoin. I have to wait 7 days and Bitcoin is already up $1K-$1.5K from when I started the transfer.
I am no expert but we seem to repeat the same pattern. Get close to nearest k, try couple of times to break through then break through in next 24-48 hours.
By comparing USD/BTC and EUR/BTC charts it appears the sudden drop has been caused by the €8K sell orders, BTC was at $9,9K when it happened. There are less €8K sell orders now though, so it looks like there are higher chances than before to get past the $10K barrier.
Didn't Sheena Easton have a song called "Bitcoin Walls" or "My Bitcoin Walls" or something similar ?
whats with the volume being so low on gdax?

10k when? 
10k when?

10k now
WTF just happened on Gdax with that jump up over 10k?

edit - the jump was too quick for their graph to compute! it caught up eventually


ITS OVER 10 000 !


on Gdax

Gemini just hit 10050.
10k mates!
Headline: Bitcoin value drops back into 4 digits
We're back, let's see if we can hodl above 10K

Is it me or poloniex no longer has any management and it's left there to die by itself? 0 announcements in the past months, 0 support, 0 everything
Holy shit @ sell walls on Bitfinex... Some crazy mofos trying to keep bitcoin low 


10K strapped in and ready
11k in sight.
I couldn't disagree more with this article. Completely BS!!
Forks of Bitcoin don't dilute the number of coins, because the forked versions are NOT Bitcoin!! If anything, these useless forks only make the REAL deal more valuable. 
You'd think people writing this kind of desperate attempt at FUD would worry about how badly it destroys their credibility.
http://time.com/money/5158269/heres-why-bitcoins-30-rebound-may-be-doomed/

Is LN out or not? I keep hearing that transfers and payments are being made with LN and there are over 1000 nodes...?
Prophets of doom say bitcion might hit the $11k this month. is it worth risking?
Have to spend a little bitcoin. Should I wait until tomorrow night since fridays usually surge with buying?
I've been living under a rock for a little while. So is lightning officially out now? How does one use it for transactions? What are the fees and transaction times like now?
It went down to 9k again ahhhh
Back to earth!!!
higher lows, higher highs. still healthy whats happening imo. 10k hold for the next day would be quite nice 
[deleted]
how do you guys keep track of the bitcoin price on purchases. Say you purchase a bitcoin for a dollar amount and get the bitcoin amount how do you track the price at the time of purchase for dollar cost averaging.. I'm using coinbase and transferring to GDAX. don't see anyway to keep an index.
Hey does anyone know if its legal to sell bitcoin on craigslist? i wanna pull a little bit of money out for some business expenses but i don't want the irs crawling up my ass cuz thousands of dollars is constantly moving between coinbase and my bank account  
Fiat -> BTC.

* Okay so Gemini takes 6+ weeks to be approved. 

* r/Coinbase is pulling money out of peoples accounts 17x more than they should.

* Abra looks like a decent option however the $26 withdrawal fee is quite high and people report that they get less bitcoin than they should have.

What are some other options?
Btrash getting pumped again
When bitcoin touches $10k, turtles head is gonna touch cloth. Boom!
People will be jealous as fuck when they look upon us as early adopters who purchased BTC at sub 20K prices. Imagine BTC at 1 million $ people then will be like oh yeah buy the dip at 956 000 lads hahah we going to the moon for lambos. We will be like yeah man we chilling on the 3rd moon of the outer galaxy known as Bcashlol 
Waiting to buy at 9K dip, probably end up buying at 12K
I saw a lambo outside the valet at the mall just now, felt entitled to it. Finagled my way into the valet box when the kids were on a pot break and grabbed that lambo key fob. Happened to see a rich ass Persian dude walking up looking around for the valet. I casually strolled over and whistled for attention. "Hey, take care of her for me" I said as I tossed him the key to my lambo. 
nice red candle
Bitcoin gonna be bitcoin
L-L-L-Lambo... where are you going, buddy? Come back.... :( 
What do you think about me questioning the competence of people in this subreddit?
goodbye 9k
CHINA BAN BITCOIN
KOREA BAN BITCOIN
.....did it work?
Sooo...I sold BTC at 8k thinking it'd go lower. Any chance of reprieve?
these trading bots must get tired from putting buy and sell orders all the time.
moon

do you guys only hold BTC? nobody ever talks about there other coins?
W-what happened there just below 10k? Lambo?
Lambo & chill?
Back into the butthole of the 9k’s we go.
time for using bots, bravo GDAX
Anyone had thoughts on Expedia? I'm ready for a holiday with my cryptocurrencies
Hi,
I've just been reading about all things bitcoin and I have a question on 51% attack / mining that I don't quite get. They say that if you own 51% of the hashing power, you can fork off and mine at a faster rate your own "private chain" which will eventually exceed the length of the main chain, thereby rendering all the transactions in the previous chain unconfirmed. My question is that as a miner, can you actually select which block height to start mining on?? I thought that you had to start mining on the last block. Any help would be really appreciated! 
[deleted]
Do any creditors still allow coinbase purchases? I am with an obscure credit union and have visa but it is not longer allowed
Are there any exchanges (that are trustworthy) that you can still use a credit card to purchase?
Just saw someone say that 96% of Bitcoin is owned by 4% of the wallets.  Is that real?
what are the best blockchain podcasts?
Trying to bull to 10k, not sure it will make it.
Come on 10k party pls
that 400 wall at 10k was bought lol didnt even pull
10K! YAY~!
ITS OVER 10K
back to 10k! Happy Chinese New Year!
Strap on your moon boots bois, we just hit 10k

The question on everyone's mind: But will she hold?
And back under again...

edit - and over again :D
[Balloon Altitude 10k feet and climbing.  Great view from up here!](https://youtu.be/HfxqQmWtGNM)
It has been done
Hi anyone, I used to have a coinbase account with some bitcoin in it, but I definitely have a few wallets floating around (I presume mostly empty). I was just indexing my computer to clean up my hard drive (it's a Mac) and in application support there is a folder called Bitcoin (not sure what app it originates from) with 7.9gb of blk000001-51 files, all the same size. 

Do these contain anything? I don't know where to start, lol.

Appreciate it, thanks!
Does anyone know what the average transaction times are at the moment please?  Also cost? 
mean while in crypto this week...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2buMIojaeQ
It crossed the 26 mma from below on 1 day intervals for the first time since Jan 4.
Looks like we are trying for $10k again.....
Entrying to New World of Mining.....Today i bought G.C and will manage whole sys .....
which coins are best to Mine
Great advice. Thanks.
You can actually buy or sell bitcoins anonymously at furcoins.com irrespective of where you are and you get your bitcoins delivered to your wallet or your cash to your account without fail.

COME ON GUYS! WE ARE JUST A FEW HOURS AWAY FROM THE MOON!! IF WE JUST BREAK 10K WALL EVERYTHING WILL BE SOOOO EASY... IMAGINE US WAKING UP AND SEE 10.5 OR EVEN HIGHER... MOOOOOON
RIP to those with limit orders at $1000 
going down to 9k - correct and shoot through 10k maybe all the way up to 15k 
whales realising their winnings. relax guys, if it stays at 9.5k its healthy
When 15k?
[deleted]
I still think bitcoin needs to retest its support
Splurged moments ago, seriously that wall was no match!
Annnnnnnd here comes the profit taking......
I recently saw this new chrome extension called cryptotab. Supposedly it mines bitcoin using your Chrome Browser. Have any of you guys used it and is it legit?
Well, looks like being charged 10x for the same Bitcoin order was part of the plan...

https://lambodreams.com/2018/02/15/coinbase-introduces-new-pay-many-times-want-option/
I feel like we're about to start seeing the "Got any sub-$10k BTC?" memes again.
ok  please don't call me stupid but what is the calculation for determining purchase price using amount invested USD and no. of satoshi received.  Thanks.
So you guys think we will bounce off above 10k again after EU has had their morning coffee?
And another word of advice.... Dont put a downpayment yet on a Lambo 
little by little we'll reach 6k again. yey!
Do not buy at this ath. It will dip in a few days by at least $500. I've seen it happen over and over since last September 
do not buy now, do not buy at this "ATH".... when will you fuking learn....
lambos incoming.
Days like today make me proud of all the real Bitcoin community :) 
Wow my 9999 order filled. Back to 6k we go
[deleted]
stay strong guys
just went past 10k, big sells at 10k ------ but overall bull momentum will go through it, i think tonight it will finish above 10K.... let's see
Lol 10k for 1min then down then up, gotta love btc. See you soon 11k 🚀
I knew it. Happy Lambos.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7xh02h/daily_discussion_february_14_2018/du9bl0g/
HERE WE GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Not panic buy, but buy for the fun because want to support it, will see, anyway will hold for now and trade again in few weeks.
I just ordered the air freshener (MUSK OXEN SCENT) where do I get my lambo?
[deleted]
Brace for 9.4k
[removed]
[removed]
11.5K!!!!!
[deleted]
SASHA & JOHN DIGWEED :: RENAISSANCE :: The Mix Collection :: (FULL 3 MIXES 3hr 40m)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuSU-O53HKY
[removed]
[removed]
