Daily Discussion, February 12, 2018
This 9k wall is stubborn as hell yall. 
The HODL game was tested these last two months but  glad I didn't get rekd
Invested some money in BTC, wish me good luck :D
Last year I was able to raise $25000 for the 48 hour bike for sick kids thanks to BTC.  This year $50000? Maybe if the market picks up.
Playing “Fly me to the moon” by Sinatra
8.8k support is strong. lets hope for a good night
Any idea why excitement/buzz about the Coinbase merchant plug-in has been so low? This is pretty big news in my opinion - especially for the case of widespread adoption. 
If one of you post the Vegeta meme again....

I swear....

I'll probably still smile. 
**BREAKING -->>>> Microsoft Lightning Integration coming soon**
Malicious whale on gdax desperate not to see his 9k sell wall broken so he put another million at 8950.

Poor roger
Bitcoin is just playing with my emotions now.
Volume rising..Let's try to destroy shitty walls
Father to a murdered son. Husband to a murdered wife. 
And I will have my lambo, in this crypto or the next....

Okay hear me out, I can't assure what I'm saying but who here can anyways. Well the price dropped because of Chinese New Year which is coming up in a few days, we all know who is leading in storing bitcoins, so they're all cashing out and soon when the festive season is over people are going to bank in their holiday money, to where you ask? banks? piggy banks? Their Crypto Wallet that's where my bet is. It's gonna be a huge spike again, everyone wants to ride the escalator then boom this will be the big start of the 2018 market. 
So tl;dr You should consider in investing, and Happy Chinese New Year tq.
This is starting to look like a sleeping cat pattern.
it will go up as soon as people learn to HODL 
so simple just buy and do noting. forget about day trading. day trading is only stressing you and mentally make you tired. serious money made in long term holding. 
buy and hold for minimum 1 year.
buy and forget about it. come back and check it next year.

Does anyone know what upcoming important dates are for BTC?  Futures contracts coming due, hard forks, soft forks, etc?  Is there a site that discusses upcoming events that impact BTC?  

bitcoin after surviving the dip from 9k....
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGrk8nolRJU
Jesus F Christ. One hour to get from A to B, two minutes to get back to A.
What is everyone's opinion on the futures expirations on Wednesday, Feb 14th? Bullish or bearish?
WE'VE GOT TO HODL ON TO WHAT WE GOT
Vegeta.exe
Starts handing out DBZ scouters.

It's amazing how much stuff people come up with to convince themselves their TA is still trending towards a bear market.

Meanwhile we keep recovering all the way from 6k with each daily low gradually moving up along with it.

Few more days and FOMO will start to kick in
Damn bought 2 BTC at price of $8200 a few hours ago, already got $1600 profit, feels good!
Fell for the fud, the fomo, the hodl, and the bull trap. Trying out the bear trap...
Us, save us, support !
500BTC sell wall @ 9000 on GDAX. Current volume is even lesser than 2 days ago. I can't see how 9000 can be breached without more volume.
:D
How many bitcoins did faucet sites used to give out when it was relatively new?
Europe what you doin
Well I am sure glad high school me has some btc left from buying acid... worth 1k now...
Forget the lambo, I'm dropping a twin turbo in my 370z.  I'll take you all for rides, and it won't be that long from now!
I have the air freshener picked & payed for.. when do I get my lambo?
Yanks selling 
They may take our gainz but they will never take away...our Bitcoins!!! Hodl 
It's interesting how I wasn't bothered by the $8,000 I lost in "profit" by hodling, but was freaking the hell out when my portfolio dipped $1,500 below my initial buy-in. I guess it's true what they say, easy come, easy go. 
Good morning
I'm looking to move to a cold wallet for the long Hodl.  I do not understand the reason for seed words if the assumption is that you won't memorize them.  All the guides I have seen say to write down your seeds, why not just write down the private key address?  Obviously, seed words would be easier to memorize, but whats the point if you're just writing it down on a piece of paper with no intention to memmorize?
Is there a tether meeting tomorrow?
Are you planning to introduce Fiat pairs - Binance ticket and their reply: 

What do we think about this?..........

Hi,

I and many others in the UK and US love Binance.

Can you let me know if you have plans to introduce fiat pairs? I would be grateful if you could escalate this request to Management for a reply. I, and many others on Twitter and Reddit will support Binance even more; over other exchanges, if you introduce fiat. 

***********

Appreciation your for the excellent suggestion so much! It is very helpful for us to improve Binance Exchange. We may not response the ticket directly, but you may see the suggestion will be part of Binance Functionality soon or later.

Thanks
Binance Team
TO THE WALL!
What is the mechanism that automatically drives up the altcoin prices when bitcoin is being pumped? It's ridiculous.
Hey peeps, have a question.

Say I have 10 million and bought bitcoin right now at market value, I assume the price would go up because of the high quick volume. Could I then just sell it again once it reached, say, a 1% increase in profit to make 100k in ~30 minutes?

I am wondering if that is how big whales play on the exchange, and also, whether or not such behavior is even legal or allowed.
Gearing up for the Vegeta memes tomorrow
Dead HODLers, what are your actual plans for selling? Sell some as you go? Sell it all at a certain price point? Give it to your kids? I’m very curious.
Irrelevant comment
When is the next drop, I want some cheap coins 
Guys, not speaking of old ones i hold but about few i bought these days.
Do you think it's better to sell them and buy again during chinese new year while more low, or just hold despite that it will probably go down ? 

The battle is real
BBC Panorama about to FUD Bitcoin right now
Volume is still rising..The 1 day chart begin to be interesting too..
Where going back down ugh
Bought 0.2 btc today, wish me luck!
I want to get 1 full btc and ride it to the Moon!
Hello, I'm a complete noob about bitcoin and cryptos. I've read a little about this but I've always heard buy low, sell high. So couple questions, why should I buy? Where could I buy? And how? 
Dippypoo, c'mon sub8!
Im in Australia and its sitting on 11,200

Anyone else experiencing issues with the bitstamp trade view? The UI is extremely sluggish for the last couple of days, sometimes even crashing my browser. Occured on 2 devices...
http://jaymolino.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/SpacePodsEp21.png soon
What about cloud mining and difficulty? Few days ago was - 45 blocks behind today is barely - 10 blocks behind...  End of this diffuculty period looks like next difficulty will be no less than 4-5%. Where is the end of difficulty increase  i joined cloud mining at 19k price  3/4 and 1/4 new price @hf  and looks i will lose and end.... Totally unprofitable. I wish i cashed out instead buying big TH contract since difficulty increase very very fast and becoming super unprofitable but diff keep increasing
Anyone have any opinion on AML Bitcoin? Does this project have a future, and does anyone take it seriously? I only ask because they seem to have been ramping up their marketing lately and popping up online.
[/biz/ discusses the dip](https://imgur.com/a/DoKzD)
Hmmm.Nice to see what i see.
high candles, reaching 9K :) .... 
 https://s.tradingview.com/x/3MHUo1FA/
suggest a good platform for tracking cryptos?
Just a question. How can I get a segwet wallet. Are there any exept paper wallets? Dont have a öedhet and dont want an online wallet
Hey Everyone! In this video I share how I learned what my investing limits are from a previous mistake applied to crypto so that I can sleep well at night and not worry about what the market is doing all the time. ALSO! You get to meet my pug, Tony! Hope you enjoy!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baGrpqCziEc
I pray everyday this shit to go up. 🙏
Hodl through this stubborn resistance people.

Get Lambo or Die Tryin’
Does anyone know why alts are all of a sudden falling with btc's rise? 
So the rise has cooled down. Will America gas it up when they wake up?
Fck Lambos.  Survived the dips since Aug. Imma hodl for a Pagani.
Calm Down Vegata https://78.media.tumblr.com/20b88d9399fb62a620284ac227967c1d/tumblr_inline_oteq6iSBBr1ulhy1n_540.gif
some pump happening now guys,, touching 8900 with some high green candles on bitfinex,.,, hope this is a genuine organic pump :))))
just wanna say thank you to anyone who sell today.

to the moon!!!!!!!!!!!
The entrails I just burned show a trend down to 4k. /s
Please buy more so I can afford my first Lambo
tbh didn't think bitcoin would rise. There has been less and less volume each day since Feb 6. I guess cuz there is no FUD that bitcoin is rising a bit. I think a lot of us are waiting for FUD.
bitcoin is never going to hit 20k again. 
Print some tether already ffs I needed my lambo yesterday
bear market officialy over?
is the cftc hearing for tether in 2 days? lets hope the best..
The Bulls are trying but they all need our support today. 
Are there any good bitcoin faucets? 

I’ve tried searching this sub for anything about it and haven’t found anything about faucets.
Does this constant price of around $8700 have anything to do with the futures contract? 
Uninteresting, tought would have been better, see you later.Stay safe..
Edit : luckily saw it :o

6hr charts look like we might test 8200 again. Still bullish tho.
because for limited time the exchanges bots are rest, next couple of hours will be as usual, shorting and same patterns for all main coins

Dont trust this uptrend yet. The volume is so low, yet it goes up so easily. Seems more like market manipulation
[deleted]
Is. Bitcoin on an up trend or a down trend and when do we think it will change direction?
[removed]
Wonder if the market is turning bullish again already. I kinda doubt it, since the last cycle just ended and it usually takes a few months, but Bitcoin is unpredictable. 
did something just hit the news?  massive sell volume for some reason
+6.66% we going down bois
💸 $BTC prices continue to rise!
₿1 = $14.98
#Bitcoin $btcusd #btcusd #btc $GBTC
Any chance it will go below 7000 usd tonight? i am planning to My first buy before the valentine's day us announcement.
