Daily Discussion, February 06, 2018
I bought 98¢ worth of Bitcoin and now it's at $1.02 when do I get my lambo?
Man the difference in mood between today's thread and yesterday's is night and day.
Just so you know, I sold my Bitcoin (bought at 19k). You can expect the price to skyrocket now.

I'll let you know when I get in again so you know when to sell.
Im out, transferred to my bank acct. And the only reason is because I just want to get back to my normal life and not be staring at the charts all day. I'm still profitable so I'm content with that. I dont care what the price does from here, just feels good to be free
My whole body is was screaming sell this morning so I bought. Am I playing the game right?
"I don't think we can separate the blockchain technology from some of these crypto assets." (probably not 100% word for word quote)

That was a relief to hear from them, just as an indicator of understanding.
What stage are we at in grieving? 
So, What have we all learned about bubbles?
I hear this a lot, that people are are glad the weak hands sold, its healthy for the market

If you knew there were so many weak hands why not sell before them and buy back more when the market was "healthy"?
Giancarlo's niece is the *real* hero here. She probably explained many things to her uncle. Someone should track her down on social media, and somehow get some BTC donations going her way. 

Seems like the crypto thing to do. She's a true hodler, too.
How to invest in bitcoin:

1) Choose a lump sum amount that you can afford to lose.  Buy that amount.

2) Choose a monthly amount (in fiat) that you can afford to lose.  Set an automatic buy for that amount.

3) Forget about it for several years.

4) Profit!  (Or not.  Doesn’t matter, you invested only what you could afford to lose.)

Source:  I did this.
Bought the dip, fuck the haters
Top 10 saddest anime deaths
Well looks like im going to work at McDonalds again
A stop loss of mine triggered when it hit 6,000 last night, so you all can expect the price to go up today.
If the global stock market crashes, how will that impact crypto market?
all aboard the fomo train
10 billion USD in volume according to some sites. 90k btc sold and bought in 1 exchange. That is a lot of bears and a lot of knife jugglers
I just want to be young again, I don't want to chase wealth!! WHAT AM I DOING? 
FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK^FUCK
When I tried to send btc about a month ago, the network fee was ridiculous, like $25, $50 or something. Now it’s less than a dollar. Does that mean btc’s become moveable again?
anyone dont even looking at the price anymore?
To the moon guys! Bitcoins new era begins today
Pretty sure I just saw 7750, blinked, rubbed my eyes, and opened them to 7915.

What
Please tell me this is not a pump and dump. It's been happening for the last 2 months and I'm tired of that shiet.
who's sweating cause they sold at 7200
Bought at 17k and still hodling AMA
I don’t like seeing anyone lose money. But some of the comments here about this being the bottom are completely unfounded: we don’t know where the bottom is yet. That will require a far longer timeframe to establish. Considering such severe drops yesterday ~35%, a bounce half that is not unexpected. 

Since bitcoin started declining there have been bigger days of “recovery” than today followed by days of green or red. https://imgur.com/a/VW7MJ

As always, only invest with money you’re willing to lose. Bitcoin could drop to $500 and never recover substantially or it could go to 100k. It’s pure speculation at this point, anyone who claims to know is lying. 
So, next time the price skyrockets (if it ever does again), and you see people defiantly claiming that "it's not a bubble!!!", tell them to fuck off
SEC / senate hearing live now:

http://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&event_id=2227
Gear up boys. We just ate some sell walls like they were a fucking joke.
These next couple of walls are going to be a real test. Hopefully they fall.
Another reason to be slightly bullish -   [the Bcash to Bitcoin ratio continues to slip.](https://www.coingecko.com/en/price_charts/bitcoin-cash/btc)
Waiting to see how Asia is going to respond. There was massive sale volume from china yesterday, which was matched by buying from the west. Japan is bullish on btc. 
Al thought this may not be over congrats to all who held. I grant you all the title of #HoldersOfSteel
Didn't reach my target price of $5k, but bought in at about $6k anyway.
When you hear the chairman of the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission say his daughter is going to HODL, you HODL.
Remember, bitcoin is a living breathing animal. It’s bigger than all of us put together and it is an entirely unpredictable beast. If you try to tame it, you could end up getting bitten. Just as it sank from 19k in a couple of weeks, it could rise up again from the ashes. You could wake up tomorrow and it’s at 25k. With bitcoin, anything is possible. Dreams can come true. Trust in the technology...believe in bitcoin. People do get lambos and people do walk on the moon because of bitcoin.
sell walls are scary.
7k is the new 6k.


https://www.c-span.org/video/?440770-1/jay-clayton-christopher-giancarlo-testify-hearing-virtual-currencies&live

Crapo, lol
Here goes the panic  / dump from the pump. 

Not sure if anyone caught this at the meeting, but the SEC chairman basically admitted that they don’t want to allow an ETF because it encourages long positions and they want to “protect investors”.

I edited out the clip of the video and posted it here for anyone interested:
https://twitter.com/cryptocraig123/status/960930070994063361
the Giancarlo pump
Stop being gunshy. Stop joining the pump and dump game. Ride it out. Let's all make some cash 
Looks like my Stop Order's about to be triggered. Well, shit. We'll fight another day BTC.
Soooo anyone want to sell me a 1080 TI for £120....?
After a rocky few days both the global markets AND crypto markets are recovering "The current market sell off is just a correction, said Treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin" (He just testified to house financial serviced comittee saying 'markets are fine' and that 'fundamentals are strong')

He told the House Financial Services Committee that markets were functioning very well, although the administration was monitoring the situation.

The talk over at the crypto hearing is neutral- positive. Giancarlo especially seems cognizant, well researched and moderate. Generally the sentiment seems to be slowly transitioning from the initial 'push it away' heard from hearings years ago over from 'wait and see' to 'ok- it's not going away, let's wrap our heads around this and reign in in so nobody is getting ripped off or doing anything too wild'. Markets worlwide are getting a long overdue correction after quantative exuberance went mad- we've got huge excess US deficit potentially coming up. BTC is not going anywhere.

I wouldn't be suprised to see a flight to this new asset class in 2018 should the debt exceed 1trln, (hint: it will) despite the herd mentality and recent domino sell offs.  it is nothing but a blip in the ocean for this disruptive, paradigm shifting tech in the coming years. Bitcoin is the birth of a black swan event and we ain't seen nothing yet. 

Like it or not regulatory framework will bring clarity, reduce risk and encourage institutional players who tend to be, at the least more measured and with a longer term purbiew. dust is settling from this global correction. Fundamentals are strong, good things on the horizon- a constant evolution. People are thinking in short term. Nervousness has lost some market participants who got in for the wrong reasons- some cut losses and left ahead, some will stick by the sidelines others just did no research and have been shook out rightfully (for now). I'm positive long term absolutely, and more so now than in a while.
Guys what's our ceiling pricewise so as to halt the downtrend?
Where can we see the SEC/CFTC hearing live? Adding in search words for other people (broadcast, stream, streaming, link, watch, view).
Soooo anyone selling  their  GPUs yet? 
FOMO started...
Recognition and regulations is coming
SEC hearing seems positive so far and price is going up! Am I delusional? Lol
When Asia wake up Btc will be 8k.
Only good news at SEC hearings. Big investors coming because regulations.
we are gonna reach 100k trading volume for 24 hours, that is something
dip buyers be like.....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0V1yRrjMmM
this makes no sense... 

Pump and dump or people buying in after a favorable SEC meeting? And why.
Has anyone got any links to show daily Bitcoin volume figures on all the main exchanges throughout the World?  America, Europe and Asia if possible? 
When was the last time we closed higher then we started?
Now that the bitcoin price is back on the rise, how do I buy?
come on Asia its been like this for the past 4 weeks, always sell
Be ready for a down time.
Edit ; Will probably go up a bit first ;)
I'll be dropping 1k if it hits around 5.5k another if it goes sub 3k and thats my limit for buying until things get a bit more steady.

Things have been fucked for quite some time with the Bitcoin market. Too much greed, not enough informed "investors", because that is what it became: an investment. Whether it is rocketing up or crashing down this is a bad thing for something supposedly to be a currency. It's not been true growth, it's been careless speculation and the very definition of a bubble. It's happened before and will happen again no doubt.

I got out before the end of last year as i was unhappy with the velocity of price movement and didn't find it sustainable, fees were becoming utter nonsense and the very concept of the coin was lost.

What happened to bitcoin helping bankless Africans etc? You think they would pay those fucking fees? It just became a commodity of no practical use and until the price goes back to where I think it should be or bitcoin again becomes on track to be actually USEFUL I will carry on as a spectator.

If we don't see 5.6k or less in the next few days I'll be quite surprised.
Transaction fees are super low right now! I just sent from a segwit address for $0.07 (0.00001 BTC) and got confirmed in 4 minutes.
Perhaps today's meeting was the green light that the big investors were waiting for?  
Bad day for Bitcoin whales

https://lambodreams.com/2018/02/06/government-announces-crackdown-bitcoin-whale-manipulation/
If this is a pump and dump, I’ll pump and dump all over this computer screen. :-(
So far ive bought at every lower thousandth mark.
No fuks given, im just accumulating btc as it rolls down.
What are people's thoughts on the continuing threat to BTC from hard-forks, in particular the BCash fork which has claimed to be BTC and even taken over r/BTC?

Will this cause continued instability and FUD when BTC recovers?
think its going to take some moses type shit to get through $7k  -- $8k
some BIG buy orders coming in...
 The upward movement today after a day like yesterday is really encouraging.
When is the sec decision going to be announced? Do you think it'll have an effect? 
Be careful all..
I think the news was great, protecting investors, keeping it going.  Lets use this and get it rolling boys!  Least were not like China.  

Whats you guys take?
Kimchi premium, these jargons flying everywhere
Over $7200 now.
On the way back to 8k
I have taken some profits along the way and done nicely, but I'd like to not think about panic selling the rest and getting stressed out by the daily fluctuations. Really the only reason it's actually stressful at all is because I have to make decisions on a daily basis about holding/selling because everything is right at my fingertips, even though I plan to hold long term.

I have heard that there are ways to "time lock" your Bitcoin though, and this is something I am interested in. Does anyone have any information on a safe way to do this using a Ledger Nano S where I could theoretically lock myself out of having access to my Bitcoins for the next 2 years?

At that point I feel like there would be little to no stress because worrying about it would accomplish nothing and I've locked myself in for the long term hold and no chance of panic selling.
Did you guys know that Microsoft accepts BTC as a form if payment? I feel like that's big news. I'm surprised I just found out 
[deleted]
Prepare the fucking memes!
Whoa. I think we may have just broke the wall. 
So I bought in at £14k (but invested 15k),  I've tried not to check daily and haven't checked the price for a week or so, only to check now (I couldn't help it lol) its below £6k, so currently 8k down on my investment ... I've not really got any choice but to hold now, selling now would be suicide, 6k isn't going to mean fuck all to me if I cash out for fiat, £15k however does.
I'm not rich by any means but I've already written off the whole 15k (I wrote it off before I bought btc knowing it's a big risk) and it won't make any difference to my life, it'd be nice to see it again though lol *crying*. Fingers crossed for a big rally later in the year but the bully whales aren't getting my 1 whole btc lol 
Bets on what Korea/China/Asia are going to do in the next few hours once they wake up?
It's inching closer to 10k CAD.  Looks like we're eatin' good boys.
Rallied back up to 200 day moving average near 8k, the huge volume might indicate a trend change but it's too early to tell

Last downtrend high is Saturday high at 9.5k, it must go above this level to break the nasty downtrend
OK reddit, I wanna invest £1k into bitcoin. What advice can you give me right now?
Anyone reckon Coinbase moving to segwit transactions will have any short term effects? 
Hope this is not another bull trap 😕
Ok, it seems it will go up earlier today, i'm in. Stay ready to seel when wave is dead in few hours.
C'mon let's break 8000!
Lot of positive sentiment today.

We have not reached a bottom yet.
People are saying the stock market is crashing and I look at the losses on my stocks vs Crypto porfolio and I'm like... Ya, that isn't so bad.
Acquaintance engineer of a fortune 500 randomly mentions rumors of major crypto-tech concerns coming to light in the coming days.  Is there any validity at all to a future security concern that hasn't already been addressed? I thought coin is 100% safe/encrypted/every transaction is logged/etc especially if you keep your storage cold?  Could the crash be only just beginning? 
Mr Warner is a bull!
Trends show we should expect a upswing in the next few days. Who knows what’s going to happen after that tho
Stay strong, calm down, it's not over yet.
Dont forget too the fee reduction = miners selling their btc to take money while they can to get out. All the fud and reversion to 200ma plus miners getting out caused the drop. Recovery is now, and new highs!
HODL on to yo butts!
"The only people who get hurt on a roller coaster are the ones who jump off"
In 2014 after a 45% loss I sold all my BTC. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/2ia8ni/daily_discussion_saturday_october_04_2014_part_2/cl0dbbb/

I then bought them back again of course, I'm not completely insane ;)

TL;DR Bitcoin is volatile. I goes up a lot, it goes down a lot. But mostly it goes up. Just HODL.
Obvious question of the day. Is $6.6k a reversal, or just another dead cat bounce?

What price are you buying back in?
I sold this morning in the hope that it would drop further I had to buy again when I saw it only going up like within 5 minutes. I literally felt like a panic because I had FIAT instead of my crypto. Sold at $6000 bought again at $6115 or something lol

SEC hearing on crypto starts in 2 mins.. wouldnt be surprised if they only say positive shit **after** wall street bought in more at $5,900 last night
Get Andreas Antonopoulos hired as a technologist the SEC was talking about!
Bitcoin is having a harder time pushing through 7.5-7.6k than I have when I forgot to eat my veggies and have to squeeze a log out.
4-5K still possible? 
if the SEC give us good news the nightmare is over.
Imagine santoshi listening to this while sipping a margarita with a umbrella in the glass. This has come so far since the white paper.  
Ok, I realize I am a noob to crypto, but I can't see these current prices as anything but an excellent buying opportunity (if you "believe" in crypto to begin with).  Especially considering how much bitcoin difficulty has increased lately.  
GDAX volume looking pretty sweet right now.
Just watched the US SEC stream, and overall it's positive imo. It basically means that cryptocurrencies are officially taken very seriously as a part of the system moving forward, and that they need to considered as such. 
YET ...just watch the news articles spread their BS and twist headlines, picking the most negative thing they can find ...like for instance ICO's now have to register, etc ..'CRACKING DOWN' and bullshit like that. Just watch.
I didn't sell enough on the way down, but I sold enough at 8.8k to buy it back and then some when it bounced off 6k. Net coin going in a positive direction so far. If you are using bitcoin as a tool to grow cash, good luck. If you are using cash to grow btc then it's less self defeating and perceivable acceptable. I suspect we're still in the first qtr of the game. A lot can happen by half time. The btc capitulations are hard to measure as they are spread out and largely based on institutional rejection, propaganda, and now simply - fud. But I am hedging that the accumulated capitulations over the last week are the indicators of an overall capitulation. The crypto community is extremely universal and diverse. Not like a bad quarterly report or corporate scandal can bring it down. Keep in mind, the whales can eat a lot of passive little fish, but a lot of aggressive little fish can eat the whale.
Trading looks easy in a bear market, untill it stops and it goes sideways.

Curious how many people lost their bets the passed few hours. The support is big this time
7777 today. Run and tell that!
dead cat bounce?
Bitcoin is up 20% from this morning. I bought some at 7k. Highly optimistic 
Bought my first $25 worth of Bitcoin this morning when it was still under 7K.  I'm rich now!
I got in at 2k.
I'm out when it hits 8k.
It's only one investment. Don't be emotional about holding and letting go. 
http://www.spacex.com/webcast

Bitcoin and falcon 9 going to mars! Watch it live!
The bots will give us a glimmer of hope, then take it all away.  Enjoy the greenery while you can.  Ive seen this pattern many times before.  Hope im wrong though.
Nice come back today.

But it must hold $7500 for a couple days and make its way back to $10k next week.

If not we will test $5999 and the wall might break this time.


Silver lining: BCash is finito.
Don't think it is over yet. I'm sure it will still go further down before it stabilize and then slowly raise again to a new all high 🤑
I predict it's going to go back up to about 7400 USD this morning as America wakes up, then back down to 5500 by later tonight as China wakes up. 

If I was hodling at the moment, I'd put sell orders at 7100, 7150, 7200, 7250, 7300, and 7350. 
Welcome to the fucking show, people... this is the ticket you bought a ride to, whether you realized it or not. 

And to all the trolls rolling in from the shitcoin subs: Bitcoin is the king, always will be. 
This Bitcoin bubble burst is a fantastic learning opportunity.  People should take advantage of it.  

Somewhere down the line, there's going to be another asset bubble that gets bid up to impossible highs.  It's going to have an evangelist class that spin tail after tail about how the valuations are not only completely justifiable, but actually quite low.  It's going to have a class of folks who got in early enough to make sums of money that defy belief in short order.  It's going to be opaque enough that almost anything is justifiable.  It's going to generate tremendous regret amongst those who didn't get in early.  It's going to create a sense of momentum that seems unstoppable.  It's going to create a mythology that distinguishes it from all previous bubbles.  It's going to generate a huge sense that the world will be divided between those who saw the light and got in, and all the suckers who couldn't understand it and missed out.  Eventually, it's going to attract people who's only interest or understanding in the asset is the ability to ride it up to the moon.  And you'll see people defer debt, and max out credit cards, cash in savings, transfer assets, even mortgage their very homes to get in.  And your Aunt Edna will call and ask what you know about it.  And that's when you know that the whole thing is going to come crashing down.  

But you won't be part of that, because you learned a valuable lesson in the bitcoin bubble burst of 2017/2018.  
I can sustain an erection again, I think we are on a bull run. This feature ceased working when the market was crashing.
Looking good ..... 4 hours of hard battle defending 6,000.  The bounce is looking solid to me.
I'm sorry guys I thought it had stabilised a tiny bit... each time I buy it falls. I'm now just throwing £20 at it each month regardless of price to see what happens... alas I feel I curse bitcoin 
We all knew Bitcoin is volatile, but some seem to be discovering that volatility can be downwards as well as upwards.
Look at the big picture and stay the course.
7k and holding? Me like. 
All I see is green. Strap in guys and hodl tight. I’ve gassed our rocket ship with fiat and am firing the motors. Next stop driving our lambos on the moon.
Ive been holding off all night and morning on buying at ~5xxx,  Was waiting for 5am central because thats usually when the seller bots wake up from their nap and hit us hard with huge sell walls.  So imma wait a bit more before buying more btc.
Any future predictions?
Got any link for the Senate hearing ?
the price is going up & down like crazy.. what you think guys? is it being manipulated or we are seeing some recovery? I lean towards the first option as the trend is still negative
We got a fuckin Schrodinger cat here
sec hearing is live 
https://www.c-span.org/video/?440770-1/jay-clayton-christopher-giancarlo-testify-hearing-virtual-currencies
Hey /u/theymos, I PM'd you on bitcointalk but haven't heard back, maybe here will help.

I had my bitcointalk account stolen, I sent a signed message from an address linked to a couple places (OTC WOT, bitcointalk post, etc) but maybe I did something wrong or something.

The hacker sold it to someone who's pumping alts and generally being a nuisance with my name, so I'd really appreciate if you could help me out.

Here's my account, you can see a few pages back IIRC that "I" suddenly become active again in a ton of crappy alts. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=3600;sa=showPosts
bitcoin price while sec hear about bitcoin.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd_zs8AwoTQ
So far, meeting is quite mild, 
after people sell this news ill buy the bottom

Dont take it as granted, it will probably move down again, wold prefer to be wrong you know, but...
Since when does HODL stand for Hold On for Dear Life
the c-span pump
So until ive obtained a hardware wallet, what is a good free wallet to use in the meantime if i would like to invest in a coin? Is it safe to store it in, lets say, the coinbase wallet? I wont recieve my hardware wallet until next month.
The trading volumes are way different
When do you think we will see the majority of short term investors leave? 
Told all the haters and people who dont know what they are doing. 6000 was bottom, lets goooo
If the falcon heavy explodes, we are going to get a massive amount of bitcoin analogy gifs.   Hopefully to the moon!!  Can we change the target to mars if the launch is successful?
A lot of people are calling this a dead cat bounce. I don't think that's right this time. Yes, the price will obviously dip back down again after this little climb its been on today, but in my opinion it will not dip as low as it did before. If you look at the graph you can see that something as changed. The pattern has been broken. Instead of seeing these sharp bounces followed by slow dragging drops to a lower low, we are now seeing a slow steady climb with a quick dip to a slightly higher low. The bulls are returning.
This will def drop tonight, the question is how high can it get within the few hrs?
volume is good, but... good enough?
Did I miss the boat 😓
Zoom out.
I'm sorry, I don't trust it at this point. 
Is it true there is no way to short any of the fork/alt coins?

If so,  doesn't that concern anybody?
Equal no of buys and sells on gdax 
Massive green candles.
I'm not convinced yet
This is good time for purchasing btc?
Congrats to all survivor
Keep your Vegeta memes ready, U may need'em sooner than U think. 

http://usaiyajin.com/wp-content/gallery/dragon-ball-gifs-animados/gokufalsosaiyajin.gif
Can I please throw the dead cat next time? Would be cool see a dead cat bouncing.
it is ridiculous to see people holding a bunch of pitiful cents of bitcoin absolutely stressed over price movements
welcome to The Bitcoin Drama!
I sold at 7449.. so long gboys see you at 5k!
He just said HODL! LMFAO
So,are we back in business?or not yet?
I say we're back!
see you at above 10,000!
Cashed out last year and made about $1,000. Glad I got out when I did. Good luck to the rest of you poor souls.
btc 3k usd soon 
Wonder what an S9 will cost on the second hard market soon? Probably about 4BTC.
With this recent drop, are there any great deals available online for items/services sold in BTC? I picked up a subscription at CoinTracking for a price that I found reasonable. What other items/services are currently 'on sale'?
Just bought some more. Hoping for the best. 
Have been thinking of investing since last Spring. What’s the best way to go about this? Not totally tech savvy but REALLY want to invest. Are there “Dumbed down” tutorials to help a guy like
me?
Noob here, when Bitcoin was topping around 19k all I saw on the front page was "If you buy, HODL because this market is extremely volatile and bitcoin goes up and down like crazy" I get that this is more than a dip but why the hell is everyone panicking? It could be up or down in the next couple months, NO ONE KNOWS, isn't that why we got into this? 
Mr.Shelby trying to find out if he should HODL or sell.
lol time to sell the news haha
Guess we are up for another bloodbath round sigh.
what happened with the sec???
Watch out I think the bull is coming through 💪
$7,300 now. Volume still good too.

Eeek! 116 BTC SELL order.
Bet there's a lot of regret slowly sinking in for those who got scared and wanted out over the last few days. The climb has begun. The investers with balls will be rewarded
So my excitement in life now has become watching the green vs red stat graph on Bitstamp. It’s like an epic Greek battle taking place right before our eyes.  I’ve become quite the nerd 🤓 
Just got a call from Asia. They said they are having problems with grizzly bears!
Can we get rid of the influx of shills? Getting out of hand here with the brigading recently. I think Bcash folks getting desperate.
Even though I'm new to this game, I'm glad for this dip that at least it shakes out all these idiots who thought they were investment geniuses and that their crypto buys would make them a millionaire by next week... We were all warned that this shit is volatile, we were all warned it would crash (and then recover), how are people so fucking narrow minded and short sighted? Like 3 people I know have bought bitcoin, most people don't have a clue what blockchain is, how can you possibly think this is even remotely over... I only wish there was a crypto sub where you had to submit a maturity test to get in! There should be a rule that if you sell your position you can't post. Rant over.
Today's Senate hearing tells me we have not bottomed out yet.

Way too positive.

Bottoms are reached when sentiment is so bad that even perma-bulls start selling.
Hope the low prices holds until I get my paycheck
6k bottom, and 200ma. Should slowly rise back from here and on to new highs in the coming months
Reversal, followed by good sec news, and coinbase Segwit news should rally this. Plus whenever Robinhood starts their crypto program this should gain even more steam 1.2m people signed up for it so far.
Very seldom life give you two chances; this is one of them. 
Take it.
Someone help me out, I am not a BTC holder but a spectator. I get the sense this community is losing hope and believes BTC won't rebound. But we have literally seen time and time again BTC dropping then rallying absolutely crazy.

What has changed since then?
Whatever happened to having a modicum of perspective?

I am down massively on paper, but am also looking at the fact that it has been a single month (30 days) since it appeared as though all coins, BTC or alt, would only move higher. Lambo, moon and sticking it to the institutional man. 

Today, everyone is just turning on one another. There is certainly pain in the community and there are more than a fair share of people that entered the world of crypto at – only in retrospect – what we now see was ill timed. And it is very clear that there are ample opinions on what everyone should be doing. But again I cannot stress that it has been exactly one, single month. Sell, hodl, dollar cost average. Choices made by individuals are choices made from free will. At the very least, what everyone will agree upon is that volatility is pre-backed into these sorts of trades. It is the same in every market, albeit perhaps not to the same degree. Just look at the stock market today and you’ll see that the VIX hit 50 and a level not seen since 2015.

For those that are able, my opinion would be to be patient and wait until the dust settles. Give current market oscillation time to moderate. Give it all just another, single month.
Today's sec meeting is causing a bear trap!
Hate that bitcoin gets lumped in with the shady actions around IO and scamcoins. It's not the same thing!
[removed]
Get in at $4-5K sell at 100K
Hodlor
I got in early for this bounce. 

Like, 2 weeks early.

 :/
Spent day reading alt coin white papers.  I have decided I hate every fork, I'm anti-fork.

I also think everything in this space is still over valued, by a lot.

Ignore bitcoin for now but short every alt coin at their peaks.  It's what I would do, if I did anything,  which I won't, ever.  Still fun to watch!



When I first got into Bitcoin, the price had just crashed from its all-time highs during the Mt Gox fiasco. I'd been watching Bitcoin for a while, considering it. The spike to >1k USD was a sign to me that this thing had real value and had been battle-tested. 

So as soon as it crashed, I knew I had to be ready. 

When I bought in, my cash-out goal was $10k. I thought it was reasonable that Bitcoin could be worth 10k one day, possibly as much as 50k. That was the trade I wanted to make. I didn't have a timeframe in mind - years, a decade potentially. 

Now, 10k isn't a vague hope. I consider Dec/Jan a trial-run for just how big this thing could be. Basically the idea that it can reach those heights has now been proven. 

A recovery from 5 to 10 is easy, compared from the run from $100 to $1000 or $1000 to $10000. Might be months, maybe a year or two.

Still Hodlin'. 
Could some1 tell me why ppl still support bitcoin? a network that will never make the switch to pos and is doomed to die cause of extremely high energy costs for mining in the future? no offense, im just curious about that.
"$BTC setting up for move to pop to 9450"

https://twitter.com/PeterLBrandt/status/960961854771118080
7000$, time to sell before it crashes for real guys. Stop this fanatic "hodl" non-sense and don't be bag holders. 
[deleted]
thanks for rebounding bitcoin. You may crash now
Please learn to identify false upwards signals and do not keep falling for it. do not rush. Many has keep dumping more money to make up for previous looses all the way down in every Bull trap. As long as there are uneducated people ready to keep loosing money the big fishes are going to keep doing it
Are people not seeing that this is all a massively blatant crypto manipulation pump (mid nov - mid dec) and dump (mid dec - mid feb) being done by institutional money? The created dip isn't over just yet (~10 more days) while the big money is buying all the way down to load up as much as they can during the dip they are creating (Mid Dec - Mid Feb, coordinated dumps + FUD) using the money they got from pumping the market and selling at the top just a few weeks prior (Mid Nov - Mid Dec, coordinated pump + lack of FUD)...

Long story short this created downtrend is likely to turn around like clockwork in mid Feb (~Feb 14) and the same manipulators will ride the wave again back up, with a much larger position they then had in the past, with no additional capitol cost to them... Think chess, not checkers!

IMO...
Mid Feb = ~4.6k low
Late Feb = ~13k high
Late March = ~20k high
Late April = ~28k high
Late May = ~35k high
Late June = ~40k high﻿
I'd wager the people cheerleading this most complicated of currencies, are still up on their investment, they look at their beanie babies and say to themselves well I'm still up so I made a good investment, bitcoin is still all good

The people selling are those who are down

As the price continues to go down the cheer leaders will turn to sellers
Looking like a dead cat bounce.

Think we see $4999 this weekend.
Is the us and asian stock market dragging bitcoin down as well?
Institutional money buying the spectators bags.  They aren’t giving up control of the world that easy.  
It’s good to be back.

No coiners who ask “why is bitcoin valuable it’s not backed by anything” scare me.
Bought in at 13,5k €. Fuck my life, Im selling... All my possible holdings of fiat to buy more BTC, while its on sale.

True story though, as you understand from my buy-in price, Im kinda new here, gotta admit I got onto train to make a quick buck, so I can afford myself a car, but that dip aint scaring me at all, which made me realise, I actually believe in  bright future of BTC so much, that I will postpone my wish of a car for later. Cheers!
I get so depressed when I come on this channel. So I tought I would give you my secret to get back to positive mood: forget about USD and label your wallet in BTC !
With this very simple trick, my wallet changed for the last 2 weeks from -50% to +1%, which is a very good performance. I am not denying reality here folks, but we are mainly hodlers here, we believe bitcoin will eventually rule the world someday, so it is time to start thinking in BTC.
And yes with that mindset, USD is skyrocketting, but who cares, I did invest in many coins and I believe in long-term projects.
Rofl hodl in a Senate hearing!!
It is a good step towards US regulation, long term ,they have to understand this is not going away, so monetize it is the best way, and US regulatory would keep predator habits away from market
I’m buying $100 a week for the foreseeable future, not all in BTC (not that it matters as tightly as the alts are reflecting BTC), but that’s where I’m at. I can lose it all,  but at this point, no one can call the bottom, which is the time to display the virtue of CDA. 

CDAHODL. make that my mantra. 
HOODLDLLDL
Why exactly don't they get an expert like Andreas Antonopoulos answering questions at these hearings?
It actually calmed me down a bit. Do not pay attention to the title.

[Bitcoin recovery !](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1SZtZajhUk)
Could this actually be a legitimate bullrun? I'm cautiously optimistic but hopeful that it lasts at least another hour.
Keep things in perspective people.  Remember the Internet Bubble of 2001?  It's so long in the past now that all we have left is memories of what the NASDAQ composite index did.  But that index included all NASDAQ stocks,  which tended to be technology oriented,  but not necessarily Internet related.  That index shows a muted, dampened view to what happened to many individual technology stocks back then.  Many stocks , mostly dot coms,  but other real quality Internet technology stocks,  fell 90% or more off their ATHs when the bubble burst.   Given that the speedy rise of bitcoin's price is an order of magnitude greater that what was common for stocks during the Internet bubble,  a little more of a post crash low percentage wise might not be unreasonable to expect. 
Well no matter how bad BTC has been, at least I don't own any xiv :DDD
So what's happening now to Tether subpoena? 
So why is this not a dead cat bounce like the few days before?
I want to buy in, but it feels like a trap.
At this point, whether it continues to rise all the way past ath, or drop agan - there's one thing that's certain: Technical Analysis is largely BS. It's about as accurate as throwing darts at a board at least in most cases. Sure, there are some scenarios where patterns are detected, but with the crypto space predictability is very rare. I've seen so many TAs on YouTube and everywhere else, and most times they just couldn't be more wrong. Occasionally they get it right, but I suppose if there are 100 TA's per minute on youtube, there's gonna be a few lucky hits. Anyway ...screw TA's for crypto and anyone thinks they are worth a damn, by all means, use them as your beacon. Not me.
I hope next daily candle in a few hours will be a nice push up. If we can get above $8K tomorrow, we got some room to move up before and of the week and hopely close this higher than it opened. $9k would be ideal, with 8k as closest support. 

We can only bottom lower if we touch the support lines multiple times. Now we are are higher again $5k is less likely than it was this morning at $6k for example. 

You can only look a certain amount of time ahead with TA, people see TA as useless but all it does is predicting scenarios at a given time. 
1 million by 1 minute confirmed
1200 coin buywall, damn
Is there a chance this could be bots, algos and whales giving it one last push at trying to steal our bitcoins?
[deleted]
it cannot go this high after such a dip, be very careful everybody seems like another pump and dump :/ 
[deleted]
lol I profited from that little rebound
Is it realistic for it to get back up to 20k this year?
Got my notification for instant bank transfers from Coinbase. Bullish?
[deleted]
No way we have bottomed out.

Sentiment was not negative enough.

We could trade in a range of $5k - $8k for the next month.  But we won't see a true bottom till we go below $3k
Great  time to  buy. Good news  from  SEC hearings. This week it will hit 10k.
ever wonder if the darkweb types adjust their crypto fees for illegal shite in alignment with the current prices?
Who is buying all these bitcoins? And why?
Not a troll. Really want to understand why are people buying at this point? 

Is this a bull trap? what do you guys doing, selling or hodling?
Isn't telling people to make transactions on the Lightning Network effectively the same as telling them to make transactions with some other cryptocurrency instead of Bitcoin?

Doesn't that lower the demand for Bitcoins to use in transactions, thereby decreasing the price from where it would otherwise be?

I'm a bit skeptical that LN will work seamlessly or add truly desirable functionality, and I'm even more skeptical that it will do anything to help with merchant adoption - which is clearly the path forward for Bitcoin's long-term success.

But for argument's sake, even if LN was wildly successful to those ends, wouldn't its use just drive down the Bitcoin price from where it would otherwise be, effectively cannibalizing the value of the coin?

Someone might argue that LN increases the value of BTC by adding "features", but this seems silly for two reasons:

1. It's not like people are buying Bitcoin so they can use LN. They are using LN so they can use their Bitcoin.

2. Any other crypto can just adopt LN, if it really does add value (which seems a bit doubtful) thereby taking any LN "advantage" away from BTC...if there does turn out to be one at all.

So I ask why wouldn't LN just drive down the price of any properly-working crypto, relative to where it would otherwise be according to Gresham's Law?

 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gresham%27s_law
Looking at btc trying to climb up after a fall, feel like a proud parent. Nooooo I got too attached
Big investors are coming guys, thats good news. More are following. It will hit 9k today
 
Check it out. Working on a network of subreddits that are strictly trading-specific: [Crypto Trader Network](http://np.reddit.com/r/CryptoTraderNetwork/wiki/network)

Any suggestions? Am I missing any subreddits?
Noob question
How much does bitcoin pay in dividends?
Elliott Wave

1. https://redd.it/7ptsg3

2. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2711461.0
Best thing about this dip? I get to join a very special club... :D
So Bitcoin is supposed to be the currency of the future, but buying bitcoin in Coinbase takes over a day. Currency transfers shouldnt take a day or 5 days. My two cents.
There's another selling opportunity coming. IMO this $7250-$7500 band is a great jumping off point to lock today's gains from $5.9.
Sell on the way up (don't time the pick) and buy when the volume tells you to.
I have invested a lot in Crypto, little bit late , but I guess this is the future. The battle now is between Crypto-Owners and Bankers, Classic brokerage firm and hedge funds, just looking to hold our money for their bad tricks ....

Why they are against because they can't control it !

Regulation will be just and safer for the investors , rules should be applicable for being outside of any money-Laundering or high speculation risks , as it was on the last months.

Bull, bear, turtle (sideways around 7/8K) or dead cat?
Why the price is dropping:

BTC is dropping because it has now outmemed Dodgecoin. It has become the official crypto for memes and is therefore lowering itself to it's now true value. 

I'm not sure if it's my app or not, but it says that this subreddit does not allow text posts.....
What's all this green shit on the gdax??  It seems strangely familiar
Waiting for the next ride...
[removed]
but sometimes concessions on one or both parties is needed to move objective or an ideal forward
Goatee dude in the background is getting tired and stares into my soul every once in a while.
This line of questioning by Cortez Masto is one any crypto asset must address in order for broad adoption
[removed]
Is it common for a bank deposit to coinbase to not show up despite already being debited from my bank account? Anyone know the amount of time a typical delay is?
7k wall all day
Hellooooo shoessss
So crypto is just the average party and the kid that wasn’t invited was the government 🧐. 
I think we can go still a bit higher, but not buy too late.

Edit : Stay strong we are breaking orange walls and still rising.
Let's break some selling defenses a bit, nice to see you strong like that guys !
Congratulations for the ones who didnt sell yet ;) i'm in too. Damn good fight if i can call it like that.
Still in, will try more high.Good luck if you follow too
Year: 2068
Grandson: Grandpa what is Bitcoin?
Grandad: Sit down you little faggot shill, what have I told you about asking me silly questions. 
Grandson: I heard in the old days you guys dreamt of Lambos and rides to the moon? Mom said you sold all you BTC in the crash of Jan 2018. Mom said you thought Bcash what the real Bitcoin.
Grandad: Yeah, I didn’t listen to the HODLers on reddit.
Dont forget what happen after a first rebound, and be safe to sell at the end of this run.
Its wonderful atm, still in with some of you i guess.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZNUMcOGbq4
Be careful now..
Dont know for you guys but i sold just before it stopped to rise.It's up to you now.I'll wait the next wave.
Woke up expecting it to be under 5k and here it is 7.5k.
Damn I guess I'll hold off buying them for a few more days
I use Bitcoin core v0.15.1. I made a transaction the other day : https://blockchain.info/da/tx/eb190555a7cd683361936732adbb3fc153b00281d15e072c7f221dee1602a5ad According to my wallet i only made the 0.005 btc part of the transaction and not the 0.045. My wallet shows as if i only sent 0.005 btc. It does not show the other part. Can anybody help me understand what is going on? Why does blockchain show two outputs when i only made one? Why does my bitcoin core wallet not show the same balance as blockchain? Thx!
Bitcoin and $GBTC on the move 
Hello everyone, I am a high school student who is writing an article on crypto currencies and bitcoin for my school paper. I was hoping I could ask a few questions to any miners or anybody who is experienced in trading bitcoins, if you are interested please private message me or email me at glivingston.thepanther@gmail.com
Any chance we will be retesting $6k in the coming days? Otherwise I'll just buy again before $8k
Just look at the worlds richest BTC-adress.. loaded up with 20k fresh coins from today and now in cold storage

https://bitinfocharts.com/de/bitcoin/address/3D2oetdNuZUqQHPJmcMDDHYoqkyNVsFk9r
Bitcoin Rulebook: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjDV9OgN_9I
This sub reddit is filled with so much confirmation bias. Nearly everything is cherrypicked news or information that bitcoin is going up. It is propaganda and you are all preaching to the choir. Fact is, Bitcoin still closed down today. Looking at the titles of discussions here, nobody would think that. 

The exchanges start shortin again, look same parrerns BTC and ETH, they make money by manipulation 
Donate btc FOR a Good cause :
  14T4FeLWBbsvzGKMAYA9F4z2W6AQeT6ySe
Time to battle with this sell wall at 8k then it's off to 9k.
Im in again will see..

Edit ; I think possible to break the 8k wall i stay in just for the pleasure to do.
Looks like a bull trap to me... long term trend is still negative, trading volume is high, trend line resistance has not been overcome yet...
What do you guys think?
What exchange do most of you monitor the price on? gdax? Or something else
[deleted]
wow
FOMO FOMO FOMO TIME BOYS
8K !!! 
I sold, good luck ;)

Edit ; Back in finally, will take the risk, stay safe if you cant lost money.
soon time for shorting, gdax bots never sleep
Why everybody obsessed with lambos? Even if i had the money to I would never buy one, by far one of the ugliest supercars...
Hahahaha i bought in G $800 not $20000. You is not goods at the maths huh?
Do the math on my percent increase please 
Hey, you can transfer ur Bitcoins from any wallet to www.liviacoins .com and get it back directly to ur bank by wire in a day... just 3% service fee﻿
IMO, the big boys of Wall Street want Bitcoin to tank hard this year.  The big investment banks are pissed off that they missed the huge run of Bitcoin the last 18 months.  They saw it run 3200% and gained nothing.

So the Wall Street big boys will manipulate Bitcoin to near $999.  Then they will load up and pump the bad boy. Even if they only get it back to $5000 they will make massive gains.
DON'T LET A BANK OWN YOUR MONEY

guys, If you own BTC you own vision, and you are in 0,3 % population.... I bought a vision not a desire.... KEEP IT! 
 look at overvalue USA stock, (Facebook, Google, Apple)

REMEMBER MARKET CRISIS 2008!

Guys, in my opinion do not invest now, just check the lines between the candles if you are new or beginner..Let the bots kill themselves, put your money when it's safe, don't take risk.
lol that rise due to low volume rise cant fool anyone kiddo
Hi all, be brave, strong.
Ask yourself:

Are the big boys of Wall Street happy they missed out on the 3200% gain the last 18 months?

Wall Street has TRILLIONS in capital to manipulate the market. 

I'm pretty sure their plan is to tank Bitcoin to $999, then load up.


lol already going below 7k
its going down again... guess indeed it was the dead cat's effect. 
Tai Lopez is a piece of shit. That is all.

Oh, and 8200 by 11pm. Just a fucking hunch.
aaaaaand banks are starting do ban the purchase of Crypto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbSNb2U_zu0
Are people not seeing that this is all a massively blatant crypto manipulation pump (mid nov - mid dec) and dump (mid dec - mid feb) being done by institutional money? The created dip isn't over just yet (~10 more days) while the big money is buying all the way down to load up as much as they can during the dip they are creating (Mid Dec - Mid Feb, coordinated dumps + FUD) using the money they got from pumping the market and selling at the top just a few weeks prior (Mid Nov - Mid Dec, coordinated pump + lack of FUD)...

Long story short this created downtrend is likely to turn around like clockwork in mid Feb (~Feb 14) and the same manipulators will ride the wave again back up, with a much larger position they then had in the past, with no additional capitol cost to them... Think chess, not checkers!

IMO...
Mid Feb = ~4.6k low
Late Feb = ~13k high
Late March = ~20k high
Late April = ~28k high
Late May = ~35k high
Late June = ~40k high﻿
Just hodl. When you break even you'll just buy back in at a higher price. 

Quit trying to time the market. Time in beats timing.

https://youtu.be/E53Chw5inPE


We gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
I'm supercharged
I'm 'bout to take this whole thing to Mars
Now we gon' take it to the moon, take it to the stars
You don't know what we been through to make it this far
So many scars
'Bout to take this whole thing to Mars

Kanye West - Lift Off Lyrics 
[deleted]
Question for the Bitcoin Community - As part of my college course I am currently enrolled in a module much of which is centered around the history of bitcoin . I am completely new to the world Bitcoin and still finding my feat in terms of understanding everything so please go easy on my below post in terms of things that may be wrong or dont fit with your views on bitcoin . As part of the course we are currently looking at the difference between bitcoin and bitcoin cash - if you've a few minutes read the below and let me know whats right and wrong and what else I need to know about the split in the community in terms of parties working in both communities , issues and solutions to both parties ideas. 

I appreciate any feedback you could give. 

Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash
August 2017 we saw the creation of a hard fork from Bitcoin’s original blockchain ledger. The fork was created as a result of a debate that caused a split into the bitcoin community. The debate was centered around the issue of scalability in the bitcoin blockchain . The following outlines below what I believe to be the arguments presented by both users of Bitcoin and Bitcoin cash on how best to solve the scalability issue . Open to any corrections of details people may have on either sides arguments . 

The Issue of Scalability.

Under satoshis original whitepaper for Bitcoin we know that individual’s transactions are grouped together to form blocks. Each block has its own blockhash made up of four key components 
1)	The Hash of the previous block 
2)	A time stamp of the new block 
3)	The merkle tree root hash which is the method by which transaction are bundled together from the transaction slush pool  with the first transaction hash in the bunch being the coinbase of that bundle . 
4)	Nonce – This is the puzzle minors need to solve in order to complete the block . To solve the puzzle requires brut computing force so minors must expend computer processing power to find the value randomly that satisfies the puzzle. Upon finding the value the blocks hash is then complete and at this point the block is added to the blockchain .

When a block is added to the blockchain a miner ie the person whos cpu solved the nonce to create the block is rewarded in two ways – 1stly with the issue of newly minted bitcoin  and 2ndly with all the transaction fees that people wishing to send bitcoin transactions to attach to their transactions . 

The issue with scalability surrounding the blockchain prior to August 2017 was that each block could had a maximum blocksize of 1MB which allowed for roughly 250,000 transaction per day to be processed . The issue was that as more and more people began to use the Bitcoin network it began to run slower as users who were unwilling to pay higher fees had to wait longer for their transactions to be added from the slush to a block and confirmed . How to solve this issue of scalability in the blockchain is what ultimately lead to the forking of the blockchain in August 2017 and the creation of Bitcoin Cash .

Bitcoins solution to scalability – 
Bitcoins solution to its scalability issue include the creation of both Segregated Witness ( Segwit ) and lightning protocols. Segwit was introduced to increase the blockchain blocksize from 1mb to a maximum of 4mb with the current protocol allowing for blocks to be 2mbs in size . Segwit also allowed for the creation of layered networks on the bitcoin protocol that will ultimately lead into the adoption of the lightning network . 

The lightening network is a way in which payments can be chained together outside of the blockchain. It works by allowing participants to transactions interact only twice with the blockchain ledger , once to open and once to close a set of transaction . In-between the opening and closing participants enforce digital IOUs against one another with either party having the option to end the current transaction string of IOUs and cash out for the balancing amount . 

Bitcoin Cash’s Solution to scalability . 
Bitcoin Cash creators changed bitcoins protocol such that the block size was increased from 1Mb to 8MB thus allowing for more transactions to be confirmed in each block helping the network to run quicker . 

If you owned Bitcoin prior to August 1st 2017 you also own Bitcoin Cash ( I Think) . Because the chains forked I think so do the public and private key address in the underlying system which means if you sign into a wallet that supports bitcoin cash you’ll find some which at the time I wrote this was roughly 952 USD per coin . Is this correct? 

Thanks for all your feedback.



## Moon Math Update: Consolidation to a new high

Go to http://moonmath.win for the full Moon Math table and Rainbow Charts 

* Trading View: https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/LGVW9zH3-Consolidation-to-a-new-high-version-2/
* Medium-term consolidation
* New ATH sometime between June and August 2018
* The ascending wedge drawn from the 2013 ATH is difficult to break
* Bounce off the top of the channel again by early 2019 
* https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7vrtao/moon_math_update_consolidation_to_a_new_high/
Bull trap definition: It s signal that a declining trend has reversed and is heading upwards, jaja Bitcoin Chart is full of them all the way down from 19k and most still do not get it. 
Hi guys. Newish to all this and wondered how useful these indicators are, and what they mean. Anyone ever refer to them much? https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/BTCUSD/technicals/
Wished that I shorted at $10k. :(
It's happening or dead cat bounce 
break $7200 and we are go
very good news guys .....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8SZwWIKc5U&feature=push-u-sub&attr_tag=7_y4xSRrf7pBS-D5-6
All you sick fuckers are obsessed with dead cats!!
Bit of hope for people who are scared.

I sold some bitcoin (actually GBTC) the all time high and the rest during the bull trap a week or so later. I left that in fiat/stocks for quite a while, until today. With stocks tanking and GBTC approaching the levels equal to or even lower, before it went to the moon I placed a few buys that triggered this morning...and I am already up quite a bit. 

Now, I'm not Nostradamus, and I expect some volatility the next few days, but I am feeling ok about buying back in and barring any catastrophic news, I expect to make a nice return over the next month or 2. 

 
Its hilarious to see gov officials struggle with understanding and wordplaying around crypto.  I dont think they realize whats going on.
Lol his daughter told him she's gonna HODLLL!
Sec mentioned HODL. Yee 
boy I'm glad btc is over 7k
Was the BTC crash a canary in the coal mine for the stock market dip?
Opinions: have we hit a bottom or are we going to drop back down to 6k and lower?
Fought like hell the last four days, managed to gain 3.6% on my bitcoin. Day trading is harder than it looks!
Reverse head and shoulders, is this blood bath finally over?
~ -$400 in approx 30 mins watch out. 
Up more than $2,500 in less than a day. Here's to hoping this keeps up.
Has Bitcoin found its [near bottom](https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/C312Ozku-BTC-USD-Has-Bitcoin-Found-Its-Bottom-Already/) already?

Let me know your thoughts.
I have 2500€ i dont need need for anything. How much of it should I invest in bitcoin/when should I invest? 
The fact that volume is now slowly going down while price is going up makes me feel cautious.

Volume is still pretty high, just lower than during the last drops of similar value we just had.

Market might be slowly turning around, but until volume picks up while we are going up, I feel like people on the side line are waiting to sell?
Ok time to be carefull and wait the down.
the only prediction I can make is that the people that keep 'predicting' a bull trap are the same salty ones that shorted at the bottom. 
I guess it needs to be clarified. Big boys don't only make their money at $19K.
Big boys make money multiple times at your expense. They sold back on Dec 18. Now they're waiting for a volumetric floor, no one knows where it is exactly price wise but a range between $3K and $4K doesn't seem too crazy.
Then they will buy again at $3k and sell it at $5.5K when your next door HODLer is screaming "Lambo!!!" like an idiot.
It will crash again, so massively, that even HODLers will demand gvmt regulation. And the big boys will come again to the rescue and run it.
Vote me down if you want, but this scenario has played out over and over and over...
If at 3-4am pst the price is under 6.5k, I'm going to start pumping and dumping small amounts. 

650 in, 780 out, extra hundred side income....

This probably what the 20% of you guys who aren't idiots are doing anyhow 
Good thing is $6k did hold yesterday, we are now at $7100 and on a (daily!) TD 9. If we gain some momentum we are out of the danger zone atleast, which is $5k. 
Today is the day we rally or we die!!!!

THE PRICE WILL GO UP OR DOWN!
It's hilarious how many times people will fall for a pump and dump.
[deleted]
we are rushing up
Equities PEAKED, Bitcoin BOTTOMED.  This time CENTRAL Banks have COMPETITION.   Can they compete with the Power of Decentralization - the Bitcoin/Crypto - Me Thinks NOT
Finally out of the bottom !! Now to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
HODL LOOOOL
Ms.warren from housing and urban must have bought a few btc at 20k
This bear keeps squeezing normers dry... and they willingly comply. Don't believe anything, just look. Go to your monthly volumetric graph.
Chances of low 6K high 5K?
Which lambo should I buy with this last hour bump?  I was thinking http://www.legacydiecast.com/lamborghini-aventador-lp700-4-2
Cheap coins!!!! Drop baby drop!!!!
I don't care abot price situation right now my Nano Ledger is hungry :)
I've been hodling and DCA'ing for around a year now (not long in this space, I know) and am still extremely happy with my positions. All of you Chads that bought in at $19k need to stop crying and realize that this is Bitcoin; welcome to thunderdome bitches. If you can't handle the erratic swings, go buy some Michael Kors stock and shut the fuck up.
fucking senator warren were hear to talk crypto not your bs
I wire transferred my last pay check to buy more Bitcoin. Why is it rising now?

Crash, you piece of shit!!
[deleted]
Here comes pocahontas fml
Banks are getting scared. Time to buy and hodl. 
#bulltrap
Bitcoin will never come back. People on here are delusional.
this woman is hijacking the hearing for her agenda, get back to cryptos
HODL YOUR HORSES
This is a typical day after a huge correction 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Here we go again!
bitcoin cup and handle, the amount of buying right now!!! maan wtf
Hello, I've had a day off so decided to sit down for a whole afternoon and get my head around crypto. After scanning various resources, including the original paper by Satoshi, and additional commentaries on his C++ *(I am not a programmer)* I was wondering if someone could explain to me, hopefully in layman's terms, if^why I am wrong in thinking that eventual value of^(*the sum total of circulating*) BTC will equate with the ongoing cost^(*presumably electricity and maintaining related mining infrastructure*) of maintaining the ledger. I'm sorry, I just don't see where the value-added is coming from here. 

Please understand I am not being aggressive, it's just a sticking point in my mind I am hoping someone can help me with :) Thank you <3
LOL Giancarlo just said HODL
So... you guys think this has turned the tide? No reason for the crash to continue now?
When questioned about exchange hack, he should have told about DEX, ZRX. 
I have a couple of questions about the exchanges -- wondering if folks could shed some light on them:

1) It looks like there are huge arbitrage opportunities.  I'm looking at a couple of different exchanges that are open, and the prices are not lined up.  For example, I see one exchange at $7020 and another at $7201.

2) Sometimes the bid-ask spreads are ENORMOUS.  For example, on Coinfloor, the current bid-ask is $6125-$7230.

I guess what I'm getting at is that the market seems extraordinarily inefficient.  What is driving that?  Just thin volume?
Just bought $100 worth of BTC, will I have to pay taxes the gain if I sell it later on? i.e. bought it at $7.1k but when I sell it, it might be $8k. I am also not working so I'm not sure if I need to report that on my 1040 (interned at a firm over summer for a couple of months).
I have a 12.5 Bitcoin I bought in 2015 do you think that this is the best time  to sell it now? 🤑 I didn't sell in December because I thought  it would go higher and now I am afraid that it is all going to crash 🤢
So - I personally believe that we are going back down but what do I know. When can we technically say that we are probably out of the woods for now? 9.5? 10? 11? 
How long did it take for you to see your purchase on coinbase reflected on your BoA account?
i missed the dip aaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!
How much institutional money flooded the market today?
Pls, correct me where I'm wrong. Since the ATH when trading volume is low the price is trending downwards or takes a dive straight down, only then the trading volume picks up and price goes up a bit for a few hours/days. Then when the craze subsides and volume goes down the downtrend continues. So where's the bottom? My guess is 4k in 2 or 3 months. But still, cost averaging into this to build a position. Invest carefully dudes!
BTC is dying folks.

Hold it ,drop it , its your choice.

Most of you are holding blindly thinking that it will go to 20k again .

What happened last year was a miracle , this year will be a disaster.

They will kill BTC and some of you will die holding.

Cheers.
Don't be a nonce. HODL
[Stock Market Crash](https://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2018/feb/06/stock-market-turmoil-europe-ftse100-heavy-losses-asia-us-dow-jones-live-updates) is Bitcoin the safe Haven?


wowww!
29	E-coinE-coin	$671,419,630	$134.79	$29,413	4,981,227 ECN	2,197.46%
Is a head and shoulders drop coming.....?
See you guys at 6.5K!
That babe sitting behind sec guy... ooo la la
dead cats love bouncing 
i fell for the pump and dump
The meatroafman dump is close
DOWNSWING INCOMING
huge sell wall on bifibex above 7700.  expext a price drop guys 
[deleted]
To expound on my other comment, people with capital buy an asset once it bottoms out. If you noticed, there hasn't been much buying over the last 2 days. Someone will throw in a couple million to stimulate things and other big dogs will follow suit. Once they shoot the price up a good 20% then they will sell. The reason is that they know there will be a seller on the other end trying to recoupe their losses. The seller bought at $10k and was very depressed and considered selling the first time the price hit $7k. The price dropped to $6k and they got even more upset. Now that the price is at $7k again the seller will rush to sell and the big dogs and clever traders will have taken their profits. 

Expect the price to go back down to $6k then below after this.
Time to pull out some, it was good while it lasted. 
