Daily Discussion, January 31, 2018
[deleted]
I was always afraid to buy Bitcoin when it was in the media because I figured it would be a bubble. Didn't buy at €100. Didn't buy at €1000. Then when it rose to €10k I finally went "fuck it" and bought a lot. I even managed to sell very close to its peak. Then when it started dropping again I figured that it would go back up quickly and re-invested everything plus some more at €13.7k. It's at fucking €7.7k right now. Pls send help.

In all seriousness though, I'm hodling. It's not like I have a choice at this point. Pretty much like everybody else.
Why is it everytime I try to type bitcoin on Android it autocorrects it to Buffoon?

Getting really sick of it man.
[deleted]
If tether comes out and shows 2 Billion $ in account, Price will shoot up. I also think South Korea will get more active from today.
Anybody have some bear mace? 
y is this thread not on top
I bought in at around $17k.. feels bad guys :(
8k or 11k? What will be the FUD today?
I pointed out yesterday, last four weeks saw a pattern of lows mid-week (usually Wednesdays midday) and highs Saturday night, Sunday morning. The overall trend is still down, but the repeating pattern should help calm people's nerves. Yesterday's slump was exacerbated by the Tether news, but there would likely have been a mid-week slump anyway, so don't panic.
Are there any decentralised exchanges built on Bitcoin? Or is anyone planning to build any?
There's been aggressive buying each time it goes sub 10k
Hate to say it but future contracts and is some buuulllllllshit. It’s pretty much on point after contract ends at lower price Btc drops. 
Mark my words btc will jump with the blood moon
"The great mathematical sorcery of greed will rise during the blood moon".......Notradamus
In my opinion this is just normal bear market movements. I still think this time next year we’ll be far beyond the current ATH. However, the bitcoin community really are the type of people to HODL to oblivion if it ever did collapse. I can just see it now “What’s everyone worried about? $1000 BTC is incredible? We’re still up 1000% since 2011? You wouldn’t get that with stocks.”
I kinda want it to briefly dip below 9k so I can get more views on my "over 9000" meme. Might as well make gains in at least one market. 
[deleted]
We've hit the 10k threshold and held 4 different times since the drop from 19k. I hope it continues to Hodl!
How salty is everyone going to be when Wall Street bets its futures on a skyrocketing bitcoin and they time it with he release of tether’s fully compliant audit?
Wall Street, whales, auditors, tether..... all the same people. 

Did you really think tether was going to release audit results before the shorts close on more time?

Everyone will get rich on shorting. Buy in at a low 9k btc. Release the tether audit after placing bullish futures. 
For folks that are willing to question mob mentality, and are truly connected to their portfolio and the sustainability of the BTC market, reading past calls for caution (generally heavily downvoted) is a good exercise. 
This was 3 weeks ago:
>On point. You're reading the environment correctly. Nothing to do with China or S. Korea. The real problem (the one some very eager "hodlers" are missing) is that this is not a currency anymore. It's a speculation token.
When you have brick and mortar "exchanges" through out Asia and Africa selling people crypto on the spot and renting out their "mining" equipment by the hour you know this is unsustainable. 
Keep in mind that these so called "exchanges" are manned by 75 year old ladies with sharpie written signs that say "Buy Bitcoin here!"
It is reality; and it's ugly.



Keep an open mind and always be critical. 
This sub is a lot more sane now without all the stupid memes of "HODL", "buy the dip", "Christmas sale" shit. It was an echo chamber just a month ago with people high-fiving each other because they bought more when it dipped under 13k.
A South Korean court has ruled that bitcoin has an economic value for the first time. This overturned an earlier court ruling which did not recognize the digital currency. 

this has to be good news no?
Here we go again. Someone sold 40btc @ 10080! Weeee
I've been using Nicehash to mine alt coins to be paid out in bitcoin, today is the day that they are supposed to announce the reimbursement plan from the hack that they went through.

Bitcoin keeps falling in price. 

Whole reason I got into this stuff was to make some side money to buy a motorcycle. Now the price of what I've earned is less than it was earlier this month and I've gained almost .01BTC in that time. 

WHAT DO!
What are some good exchanges with decent fees, and a quick verification process?

Coinbase froze my acct., and gemini I have been waiting a month for verification. tried some others, and also taking forever to verify.

Any suggestions?
ofcourse, These falling cryptos will come back one day, the question is WHEN ? and HOW SOON?
https://i.imgur.com/agAMP98.jpg 
20 mins ago! Bastards
when is south korea coming back online?  tonight or tomorrow?
Interests to short bitcoin at 46% a year on bitfinex. positions already taken so priced in, could there be a bull run any minute now? 
Lets sign this petition

https://www.change.org/p/tether-ltd-tether-to-release-proof-of-funds
This is really fucking annoying. After maintenance all downhill
This is fucking bullshit. The bears have been hovering around for months now not giving it a day of light
Honestly I expected the price to be a lot lower when going to check this morning... I'm pretty happy with the price it's at now, but that might be a bit of an unpopular opinion.
Oh look.  The US woke up and the $400-$500 uptick we had overnight has evaporated.  Just awesome.
What is everyone worried about? If it shoots down to 8k the amount of people that’ll buy back in will propel btc into a massive bull run back up to 13 - 14k and beyond if it is sustained. This is a win win. 
Unstable people like kurt cobain join at crypto market, making the market unpredictable.
I'm a tired of all the fud. Bitcoin is not old outdated code. There are other coins who might seem promising, but nothing has surpassed bitcoin yet. There are many amazing things in store for Bitcoin, like lightning. The price will go back to 20.000 dollar. Look at other coins who had massive fud last year, like Neo and Ethereum. The bounced back to and surpassed their ATH without much improvement to their code. Bitcoin has many new cool things in store. The price will come back. 
[removed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8gnxtKkuX0&t=3s

Hi guys, i made a video covering the current FUD over coindesk, tether, bitgrail, facebook banning crypto ads. Feel free to check it out!
well now its crashing to what little it ever recovered
embrace market manipulation and take the chance to buy more cheap bitcoin, when we reach 100k a lot will complain about not buying enough at 10k.
I don't get how stupid people can be, especially greedy whales. Just let the coin be and you will gain more money than pump and dump just HODL and don't sell and see x10 profit at the end of the year how hard is it ?
[removed]
Time in beats timing
