Daily Discussion, January 30, 2018
Can we have a normal week for fucks sake. 2 months of pure shit
Why is it that whenever BTC drops people on here automatically blame manipulation? The rise from around $8k to $19k was fuelled by media hysteria which has now subsided. Maybe BTC is now returning to a more 'natural' price. 

No need for you to invoke those bogeymen with their evil futures contracts.
These coinbase alerts are absolute shit. Might as well get price updates by passenger pigeon. 
Still waiting for those wall street bankers with their bonuses…
Bought at the last dip @ 10k, think I'm just gonna try to forget about this stuff for a while and hopefully make some money in a long, long time from now.
10K is the new 11K
CFTC is supposedly issuing a Subpoena to Bitfinex over Tether. Just came across Bloomberg terminal. 

http://www.forexlive.com/news/!/bitfinex-and-tether-said-to-be-subpoenaed-by-cftc-20180130
Best to get this tether nonsense over with now rather than later IMO.
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit smoking. 
So sick of everyone panic selling every 20 seconds. Either get out or get in, stop fucking about.
At least we only have one more day in January! I hate January. Fucking Monday of the year. 
I keep thinking....  boiling frogs...  boiling frogs...  boiling frogs we are.  I hope not.
buyers below 10K are like the spartan 300 right now
##Moon Math Update

Three donations came in last night! Thank you! I didn't think that would ever happen.

It's enough for a three months of server time. If that wallet gets up to a year worth of server time I'll be able to implement the time travel feature and a few other upgrades that should make Moon Math more fun for everyone (SSL and better mobile support is needed asap). 

Thanks again!

http://moonmath.win
Its funny when people want it low so they can buy in they never do.
Everday the same shit: Europe wakes up and sells, America wakes up and buys... and Asia is locked out.
Wow, BTC broke $10k...
Everyone panicking think about this. We are either in one of 2 scenarios. 

1. The market is just doing normal pullback FUD and we will start trending up again in a few weeks.

2. The bubble already popped and we are in a bear market.  If this is true then history will remember that the bear market started a month ago.  If you have been hodling you have already hodled during a 50% crash. Even if it goes down 80% from the high and we are in a year long bear market, you have already held through half of it, why not keep hodling until you are in the green. It will go back up again as people are starting to use Cryptos.   
I bought some computer hardware with BTC today. Oh and I BTFD.
Medic 
FUD!

Bloomberg has updated their article to include that the subpoena was sent **December 6th** this 2 months old news now:

https://twitter.com/btcvix/status/958416711526617088
This is a difficult question, but if bitcoin has fallen, it would affect all currencies, rather.Some currency may take over the role of a dominant.Maybe ethereum. It's better that Bitcoin does not go down.
Can somebody make me understand this? Tether has market cap of 2.2 billion$, even if all this get wiped off, how can it bring BTC Price down to 80%?
Buying opportunity incoming
I gotta step away from checking these prices.  Bought in at 10430 and am already getting nervous.  This is not healthy.
wtf is going on guys ...why btc dip down so heard ...whts happening 
and it drops again, drat
I don't wanna jinx it but things are looking pretty stable right now.
Any more timezones remaining for further FUD-DUMPS ?
Some simple common sense questions everyone should ask themselves before investing in a particular Cryptocurrency:

1. Is it solving a problem or have a realistically defined use-case?
2. Can it deliver on solving that "problem" or "use-case"?
3. What is the competition doing? Can they solve such-said problem better, faster, more economical, etc?
4. Is anybody actually using this particular Crypto tech?
5. Whose behind the tech (i.e. leadership, engineers, institutional players, etc.).
6. Does the leadership have a "defined" vision for this Crypto?
7. Is the leadership transparent and above-board (i.e. providing communication, progress reports, etc.)?
8. Would I be okay if I were to lose my investment despite the best efforts of such-said crypto company/foundation?
9. Is such-said crypto company/foundation abiding by or working with the regulatory community to ensure a smooth transition (by far one of the most important question)? 
10. Diversify your holdings (forgot about this one).
 just crash already , let's get this over with. 
What is the best way to calculate user growth of bitcoin since it began? Is there any public information? 
Was gonna sell when my total coinbase amounted to 1300 for a table saw in buying. It got to 1250 and now everything is dropping, down to 1080. Huh, guess I'm gonna have to wait on that table saw now... :(
Why is the market going down there doesn't seem to any bad news going on that ive heard about???
We're going down, down, down, into a burning ring of fire... and I'm hodling all the way!
buy walls mean nothing anymore
Meme preparations underway!

https://i.imgur.com/o9OcIAj.png
I'm selling both testicles and filling my sack with bitcoin.  Weak hands better get ready for the bukkake fest.
Is it just me, or is the fact Samsung making mining hardware very bullish because they know the inside scoop on Korean policy, and would not enter this business if there was a hard ban?
Quickly, provide meme support to hold 10k
weeeeeeeeeee!!!
I have a correction erection.
blame me guys before i got into it was strong lol. I bought into it and mined a bit got in a 3k but i recently bought a big share then it started sinking :(
[deleted]
Medic!
Medic 
Who else bought in at 19k?
Fuck it, I bought too high (13, 14, 15). 

I just doubled down and bought more at 9.9 

Just lowering my average, hope this pays off some day when it breaks 15
This is 100% not a natural dip someone want price down. 
HODL?
Someone help me feel better. I'm hodling but damn. 
[deleted]
Any news on the horizon that’s going to get the average Jo interested again? 
Is it just me or is there some serious price suppression going on at the 10,400- 10,420 range?
Ahh, here's the FUD! Found it! 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-01-30/crypto-exchange-bitfinex-tether-said-to-get-subpoenaed-by-cftc
Question about transactions, is it the more BTC you send the higher the fee should be? Sorry for noob question
SING IT BRUCE!

"WE'RE GOIN' DOWN DOWN DOWN! WE'RE GOIN' DOWN DOWN DOWN !!!!!!"

NEXT HOLE INCOMING................

The Gobshites on the trading forums are waiting for $8k to buy in.. they know something. Don`t panic guys.. come back in a month
FUCK
The dream is not over. But the bear market will go on for a while. Maybe 6 months, maybe 1 year. But we will recover.
looks like 9k is our new home.
I feel like we all know deep down inside, Bitcoin is going to 7K but its like, we just don't want to believe. 
When it's down $400 from a week ago people go ape wtf
Just a question, what kind of interest would there be for a video guide of how to setup a mainnet lightning node. I finally setup one and if you're anything like me, you hate long walls of texts.
Back in early December, everyone was so enthusiastic about bitcoin reaching 20-30k, what happened? Why is everyone saying it will drop to 7-8k now? What changed? 
"Don't worry guys, all this iceberg FUD is FAKE NEWS!" - Edward Smith, April 1912, alternate reality.
Everyone is so focused on the price. Take a step back. Look at the big picture. Seriously, do it. Bitcoin hasn’t even begun to crawl yet. Bitcoin is and will change the world. Believe in bitcoin, believe in the technological revolution it has started. Two years ago 90% of you wouldn’t have known what the word crypto currency even meant. This is still such an early stage. Bitcoin is here to stay, and once it grows we will all reap the benefits. 
When bounce?
Holy hell! $9650 on GDAX.
SHOT THROUGH THE HEART
Facebook banning Crypto ads so people don't get scammed. Funny cause i got scammed buying something on FB over the holidays and it wasn't crypto related
Weeeee here we go again low volume take down. Fuck you whoever you are!
As a Red Sox fan, this forum is comforting to me. No Sox fan ever, well up until the repeat World Series win in 2007, would say anything positive ever really until the game was over. The Sox would be up by 8 and there'd be people all over saying things like, "I hope they don't blow this lead. There's still two innings left." 

I love your FUD, it makes me think of the Sox in my teenage years. Are you wrong or right? Time will tell. I don't know what'll happen. I own Bitcoin and it's become an obsession of sorts, so for me, the ride is fun. Watching the price of Bitcoin in real-time, especially when it's really moving is akin to sitting at the blackjack tables. 

One thing is for certain. If you own some Bitcoin, no matter how much, you'll be able to tell your kids and grandkids how you helped to usher in the collapse of the global financial banking industry and changed the world. That's pretty fucking cool. 

See you on the moon.
goodbye 9k
Is it true bitcoin will "die" in 10-15 years because of how slow transactions will become?
I really do believe that in 2018 we will begin to see a "culling of the herd" and a "break-out" of those blockchain platforms and digital assets that have actual use-cases, solving real problems, and whose technology solutions are able to scale to meet the ever-growing global demands in finance, retail, business, etc. IMHO, the major mining pools that control the overall direction of Bitcoin's modus operandi has truly done a major disservice to the platform by bucking the financial/banking system. No doubt the blockchain technology that gave rise to Bitcoin has ushered in a whole new industry around digital securities/assets allowing the transfer of digital property/value, such that the transfer is guaranteed to be safe and secure. However, with that being said, there are superior blockchain technologies out there that can do this far better than Bitcoin. Due to scalability issues, expensive fees (more than any bank I've ever been affiliated with), and a lack of consensus among miners yielding fork after fork, Bitcoin has created a veil of instability and unpredictability around it, making industries/corporations/retailers, at-large, wary to utilize/accept it as a payment option. The only use-case that I can see is a store of value, but even that begs the question, based upon what? Speculation? Greed? FOMO? What is BTC being valued against to give credence to its existence and value?
The more it drops under 10, the more people who bought in at 5/6/7 etc will sell and call it a day.

I know I'm stating the obvious 

10 is definitely a psychological trigger point.
Had a chance to buy @9600 right before going into work, waited for less than, and nope went back up..  had to go into work, didnt buy.  I'll wait for the 8k dip.  I have a feeling it will happen.
Eat. Pray. Hodl.
Febryary/16 .. China new year... counting the days... 
any reason why btc still near 10k?
Someone wants this to crash and burn 70btc buy wall straight away met with 75 btc sell wall. We going down boys ☹️
So it's all about Tether FUD
This is good for Bitcoin.
bitcoin is worth $160 billion. tether only $2 billion 

the number of tethers has doubled since bitcoin's peak in dec 2017, which refutes the argument that tether is propping up bitcoin

tether a drop in the bucket here 
makes me wish i had more funds in my gdax. i would buy more in right now.
Buy the dip people...february is right around the corner and Robinhood has over a million people waiting to buy....don't miss out
The $10k level is being tested repeatedly. With every test, buying orders get filled and exhausted. Only a matter of time before $10k breaks, unless there are infinite buyers. 
okay fuck this im out, I can't do this anymore im about to lose my house and my wife and MIL are going to kill me. bitcoin has ruined me.
Volume is super low
Where is that video that just was stickied about the upcoming stuff for bitcoin??
bitfinex to gdax premium is down from 400 to 70, is the tether scare calming down for now? Any updates?
how does it drop so much with such low volume?
I think there's paid BCH shills still in here talking shit, especially during a BTC downturn
I have a few bitcoin in an Exodus account that I haven't touched in a while. Coinbase seems to be getting a lot of bad press lately. Where can I cash out safely and in a timely manner?
The lowest fee I can set when sending from my Bech32 Segwit wallet in Electrum is 142 sat/byte. What's up with that?
From an unbiased view, could someone please explain the pros and cons of Coinbase? 
 I am a VERY casual buyer. I started using coinbase with a few friends just for fun. 
Every time I go on this subreddit, I see people bashing it. 
10K is going to be tested again. 
I can see it now. Tether subpoena results show that they do indeed have the money to cover all outstanding tether. Bitcoin stays down anyway. Good news does almost nothing nowadays.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEu1GD4tlpA

Sing along with me?
Freefalling gives me butterflies.
Looking for some troubleshooting help. I am new to bitcoin so please excuse me. There is a merchant that I would much rather pay them in bitcoin rather than giving my credit card information to. 

First, how does one go about transferring funds to a secondary wallet from coinbase. 

Second, how does one go about then paying the merchant with the secondary wallet. Let’s say blockchain for instance. 

Any feedback is greatly appreciated! 
I've been following /bitcoin for almost a year now, but have just become a redditor.  Thanks for the emotional support and advice during rough seas, even though investing is an objective and non-emotional venture.  Thanks to you all, I'm listening to this right now:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaAWdljhD5o
Are we seeing bitcoin crashing now?
[deleted]
I've observed bitcoin for years, but never really had the courage to invest. I've always wondered what are people's exit strategy for this. Are people planning on holding forever? Pull out at a certain value? Do you pull out some or keep investing more?
10,000 is a good entry point for anyone who wants to do at least a year HODL wouldn’t it? 

Do we all really not expect an upward trend for its expected value? 
What's a good Coinbase alternative with a functioning mobile site or app for my Android?
I was expecting it to dip even lower but, meh. Can't be too greedy.
What was the biggest btc % dip in one day? Anyone know
Can someone explain to me the main influences of the price. If there are any?
noob question alert:  If segwit adoption is so minimal, why is there such an emphasis on LN already?  Surely by the time segwit has scaled to maximum capacity, LN would be ready to go?
A lot of bitcoins’ problems seem to arise from exchanges (centralisation). Is there no way to operate the system without them? There was bitcoin before the first exchange was created but is mass adoption even possible without exchanges? What functions do they perform that cannot be replaced. 
C'mon! Why won't it break through $9,900?!?
EDIT: Just did it. 10k back in spitting distance.
9.8k at gdax, if we reach 8k can we say "lets the end begin"?
It honestly blows my mind that people think it's going to hit 7k. That's insane. I doubt it will go below 9k at all, let alone 8 or even 7k.
Just got inline for my robinhood account, transferred fiat from coinbase back to bank so I can fund the Robinhood account.  No Segwit, no coinbase for me.  Oh and well over a million new customers in line.
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-01-30/crypto-exchange-bitfinex-tether-said-to-get-subpoenaed-by-cftc

^ In case who's wondering
These comparisons are just for fun, since I've been in stocks for so long I figured I'd look for more similar charts. 

Reference: https://www.worldcoinindex.com/coin/bitcoin - 6 month chart

WalMart:

https://media.ycharts.com/charts/adb710f6298982fcf9c21ad6831c8b85.png

Pfizer:

https://media.ycharts.com/charts/297077a9be1d606d1a0271383a6bb813.png

Enron:

https://www.begintoinvest.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/enron-stock-chart.gif

Takeaway: Exponential growth eventually stops - but what happens afterward can vary, and you can't infer anything from the prior price movement.  Sometimes the asset holds for awhile, sometimes it sells off and recovers, sometimes it just sells off.  Accelerated downward movement after a spike is extremely difficult to predict and time.
Glad all these non-believers sold today. Buckle up, guys, we're going to be 30k by March.
Haha, look at those sells at $10,921.. those Whales are just making it obvious
It's going to bounce between $10K and $12K for the rest of time.
BITCOIN FLASH SALE INCOMING
Sell sell sell so we can crash and reboot.
almost gave up after this tether FUD man.. my heart can't take it anymore. i'll not look at the prices anymore.
"U.S. Regulators Subpoena Bitfinex, Tether"
Oh fuck, once Asia wakes up..boy oh boy..remember to buy the fucking dip!
When moon 
Just laid down such a baby turd before the gym which represents all my hopes of getting back in the green at this point
Prepare the vegeta memes.
[deleted]
Bought at 9.9 let's see what happens. 
The light is comming ...........

C'mon 7.5k, you can do it!!!!!!
[removed]
Just looking at GDAX. Nearly every block on there is green but the price ain't moving up. One tiny red and it drops.. bit fishy
10K Buy wall was beaten up really badly. It BARELY held. If tested again its going to get crushed.
HODL STRONG, MY FRIENDS!
Lmao what the fuck happened? 
Don’t waste your money boys until we down to what ever price these bastards want it😏
The bad men are back again 😱
why does the market take such a hit to news that really has nothing to do with any real coins?
Keep selling, I need me some $8k BTC 
Where is the roller coaster guy going down?
imo bitcoin is actually old tech. Since the ledger started 9 years ago. 9 years is a long time.
it was nice playing with you boys. 
$10k now
goin doooooooooown, but HODLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL :D
what a nice chance to buy some cheap btc :D

dip and fud, they never disappoint you.
tether news is old https://www.coindesk.com/tether-confirms-relationship-auditor-dissolved/

from 3 days ago
Quickly! We need moooaaaar Tethers guys! Where are those Tethers injections?!!
Crypto market many times gets manipulated by wrong news creating FUD, big whales and future contracts. Now why dont the developers make some platfrom where only legit news gets to be published and only by legit people removing false news completely, using lets say a voting system. That way the things like SCAM ICOs, Bitconnet can never grow and only legit things grow. 
I get the feeling that the worst is over, but it's not too late to buy the dip...
WE DONT SELL MOTHERFAC***S!! HOLD AGAINST THE FUD AND AGAINST ALL THE FUC..N WALES
[removed]
It's got to go down so it can go up 
Well I FINALLY finished moving all my coins in cold storage to SegWit addresses (though you won't see them as SegWit since I used P2SH-P2WPKH nested SegWit addresses).

Sorry for the Coin-Days destroyed, fellas. It is good to have that done though.
When I tried to sign into GDAX for the first time, I used my Coinbase credentials. I have (_) BTC on Coinbase. How do I access that BTC on GDAX?
is anything going on with futures today?  heard someone say something but I was under the impression we were done for Jan.
I just got bitstamp verified. Is there a pro/con list on bitstamp vs GDAX?
Mempool is spiking again... is this Coinbase or spam?
Where is South Korea when you need them? They have absolutely no volume at all. I’m guessing them and China due to lunar year celebrations price is down as well as volumes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tthy2qKIQqI
Just wandering how people think it is going to go up to 30k, 50k etc. Where will the buyers come from? It ran up quickly to 19k and fell back and I know that the was due partly to a media circle jerk among other factors but what average joe or fund manager is going to buy in at 50k as bitcoin is more like an investment than a currency at this stage and doesn't really have any intrinsic value. Is it all just greater fool theory or am I missing something?
Wow Tks 
[deleted]
bloody Tuesdays. Why does this always happen
Major buy in! Get in while you can, guys!
BOING!   (back above 10k again)
Hopefully the Don mentions crypto in the State of the Union
Every time there's a big buy there's an even bigger sell.. it's under attack. Fight dammit
Probably hard to admit this, but this is a relatively small dip compared to the huge one we've seen in Jan. 15.
I really wish GDAX didn't take for fucking ever to get my bank deposit.
the BTC downtrend sucks, but its so nice to watch all the altcoins get fingered even harder. Im longing BTC as soon as  the un-mineables start dropping out of the top 10.
As I pointed out yesterday, last four weeks a pattern has repeated itself, with lows mid-week (usually Wednesdays midday) and highs Saturday night, Sunday morning. The overall trend is still down, but the repeating pattern should help calm people down somewhat. This slump was exacerbated by the Tether news, but there would likely have been a mid-week slump anyway.
Such a healthy correction!  Is this a continuation of the correction from the unhealthy rise to 20K, or a new healthy correction from the more recent rise to 12K?  I'm not good at that technical stuff; you know, math!  But as this healthy correction gets healthier every day, it will be lambos for all!  If it can be healthy enough to correct to 6k, it could be 2 lambos for all!!  Do you think it could be healthy enough to get to 2K?  No!  That would be too good to be true.  I mean, I know its a really healthy correction, but let us not be ridiculous!
We're gonna be low and slow for a while. Media (and public) we pummeled with Bitcoin news for months, so now it's going to be a long breather until a major development happens or another random price breakout.

Because everyone loves a good ~~guess~~, technical analysis:

6 months: $8k-$11k

12 months: $9k-$12k

24-48 months: $20k-$40k

This assumes true LN adoption and no show-stopper hacks. If LN turns out to be DOA for adoption from merchants, BTC flatlines sub $9k.
[deleted]
Iron hands bought this dip 
Perfect time to buy!! 11k in a few hours🚀🚀🚀
Reminder: There are still a LOT of folks who started buying in October/ November who are still "up" but not by much. Once folks reach their "break-even" they may decide to pull and buy back when the price is lower. 
Has this happened before since 2009
Up we go
Does anyone else find the timing of bloomberg putting out a fud article thats 2 months old at this time now? Like right when the regular stock market is taking a hit? This all seems very suspicions because they intentionally left out the date of that fud article. Like seriously if it wasnt for that bs from them btc would be above 12k already. 
we will never see 20k per bitcoin again will we? You might say "no you idiot, bitcoin dropped 80% a couple years ago and now it is still up 1000000% or whatever", thing is there's probably never been a time where bitcoin has had so much media coverage or broken into the mainstream as it has these couple of weeks. I don't think it'll recover tbh. Damn should have sold.
btc is unironically not coming back this time guys. 
So what's the general sentiment today?? Europe wakes up and down it goes... 
I'm watching BTC drop before my eyes every couple minutes. What is going to happen and will it bounce back?
You missed the sale.
Perfect to listen to right now:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyrjE4sbaCg
turn em into lamp oil! 
What’s a better option than Coinbase for buying coins?
Ok, when I see that right 10k has been defended twice this month. Technically a double bottom, but that does not count for crypto, does it? (Have to wait for the next days though)
I guess it's Asia's turn to panic sell over old news.
i swear i'm always on the wrong side of the curve. The crypto market hates me
im gonna have a heart attack if prices go up and down like this
[removed]
It's over, Bitcoin will be sub 9k today
Today drop. Bank of france governor Francois Villeroy said the cryptocurrency is purely a speculative asset, stoking regulatory concerns.
I think it would take some serious manipulation for it to fall below 10k. I think this is just normal movement, and we all should just be patient and wait for it to do it's thing.
maybe this is really the correct price of bitcoin. fuck the sellers hope they enjoy their lambos
Going to be real bad when the real shit about tether comes out 
i don't know why people are worried. Btc will hit 100k$ this year no matter what
[deleted]
When does Japan wake up?
[removed]
HOD
Is that over ? 
[removed]
Whenever a financial official makes a derogatory statement about cryptocurrency you know:
1. He dose'nt own any.
2. He probably wished he did.
3. He ignores the fact that his own "home" currency is fiat and the buying power is dropping (i.e. inflation on the USD is .03512 per year over the past 50 years).
4. There has never been a fiat currency that stood the test of time.
So please shut up or comment on item 3 or 4.

Could someone explain to me is there a possibility lightning network will totally replace blockchain?
[the goods](http://www.tetherreport.com) 
and...a blood moon it is! for today.... :)
I am getting tired of watching all this selling. When this bear phase will be over .  :( 
dead
cat
bounce?
why is the market crashing, who is manipulating it again!
My pet theory is that Bitcoin has been trending down to bring all the alt-coins down. Then, soon, Bitcoin goes to Mars and alt coins stay on earth. Also, when capital flees the overbought stock market and weakening dollar, more fuel for trip to Mars. Hodl and buy!
Relax. This a repeating pattern, which I [predicted earlier today](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7trbaa/mentor_monday_january_29_2018_ask_all_your/dtes9fn/). Price will peak Saturday evening / Sunday morning. In general, the downward trend will continue for weeks maybe more, but turn around as always.
[deleted]
Also isn’t the fact Tether is one of the best performing coins today bullish? If there’s massive selling action and the best it can do is .99 that seems indicative that there are strong hands and the whole reason market is down because FUD theory bitfinex is weak hands 

I remember when I saw 5b$ of volume on coinmarketcap at 1.06 thinking that bitfinex must be minting. That’s $300m of pnl in 1 day 
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7tcmi4/bitcointalks_famous_user_loaded_moved_his_40k_btc/

this guy must be having the worst week ever . losing $60 million in 2 days. ouch 

I hope he pays his taxes. gonna have a big IRS bill lol
