Daily Discussion, January 17, 2018
Reminder: [Don't invest recklessly](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7gi55s/dont_invest_recklessly/)
*wake up from 3 month coma*

Oh wow it's about to hit 10K!!!
Maybe buying 5 mortgages to invest in BTC wasn't the best idea.
Comments section summed up:

1. The bubble has burst/told you so

2. HODL/enjoy the ride/buy low

3. Nobody knows whats happening
"I Love The Smell Of Napalm In The Morning"
wellthat was a nice holiday from being broke....now back to the coal mines
Why don't we just be honest with ourselves. No one has the slightest clue what the fuck is going on. No one. Amateurs and seasoned investors alike. Opinions about this being a much needed correction or a long overdue crash are nothing more than a reflection of the optimism or pessimism of individuals. We are all clueless. 
From my intense calculations i've figured that the price will change.
[How much has bitcoin fallen? Hint: It's over 9000!](https://i.imgur.com/6LE0sPv.png)
Ironically the thing I kinda look forward to is McAffee eating his own dick.
Can't wait to repost my "over 9000" meme
Can somebody just tell me why there are always two sides on /r/Bitcoin? The one who always HODL and if you discuss with them they virtually spit in your face because they can't discuss with you and the other side wich always foresee the bubble has bursted and BTC is going to die. Is there anyone out there wich take the situation cool and are like "Let's look what's happening and then decide"? Someone who doesn't sell because some people say it bursted and don't hodl until the very end because it's stupid.
It's going to break the $10k floor soon ...
You get called stupid in the sub for buying.  

You get called stupid if you don’t “buy the dip.”

You get called stupid also if you sell..

And, you get called stupid if you HODL.  

We should change the sub name to dumbasses, because we all apparently fit into that category no matter our disposition.  
This was my first big HODL and I sweated like a sprinkler. What a ride!
Log 011718:

Day two of downfall. Monitoring the subreddit for suicide posts
Dammit I Panicked and bought some more bitcoin.
Seems like it was a good thing that I procrastinated before investing for 2018 (December 15th until now). Let me go procrastinate some more.
HOLY FUCKING BALLS. IM STILL HODLING LOL zero gang or die
[Me right now watching my portfolio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tgbc28A7elU)
[deleted]
See you guys tommorrow at 8k!
Really glad I bought in 7 days ago.  

Lost the equivalent of my year's bonus so far.  Fucking cool.  I wasn't looking for quick gains, but Jesus.  I spend a few months watching shit deciding when to jump in, and I pick the day before it crashes.

And coinbase has my purchase as pending still, so I couldn't even sell if I wanted to.
Started my Bitcoin and cryptocurrency journey today! Been researching and lurking crypto markets for a while now and finally decided to pull the trigger on my first ever purchase. $100 worth of bitcoin, which looks paisley, but I wanted to start somewhere and after yesterday's dip. Looks like the perfect time for me to start investing. Cheers!
If you’ve come here for a prediction of price, my recommendation is to not listen to any of the 1000s of “explanations” or “predictions” here.  

Nobody knows what the price will be tomorrow or next year.  Anyone that tells you they do know is either stupid or lying (or both).  
[deleted]
Reading this thread makes it clear that a large majority of the crypto reddit community  have no idea what they're talking about. 
Its because the memes weren't dank enough after 9k. The world is telling us to meme better this time.
God fucking dam im losing so much money FUCK 
Can someone tell me what is the use of bitcoin with transaction fees of $25? Also is it possible for transaction fees to drop in the future or is it something hard coded into the algorithm?


At this price I am thinking of selling my Lamborghini to buy more.
The panic in here is insane. What happened to buying and holding for 3+ years? Chill people 
10k fell, now sliding towards 8k
Who’s headed to the liquor store with me?
Who else is chilling? No need to panic if you didn't put in more than you can risk. I wish there was a time machine to leap forward 6 months from now 
Bought 1 full bitcoin at 15.8k never have I lost so much money so fast. At least it wasnt at 19k 
Don’t know what feels worse crypto crashing or having no fiat left to buy the bottom.😏
Now, for some good news and some bad news.

Everything's going to work out.

Or not.

Good Luck.
"The only problem you’re gonna have is that you didn’t buy more."  - The Wolf of Wall Street

That time is now. Buy more. 
Lol someone should save today's chat and post it any time there's a giant correction. The fucking ridiculousness of everyone screaming about the end of the world and the opposite sentiment as it goes back up is hilarious. 
[deleted]
I know there are lots of chaos going around with fake news and shills.  In Korea, there is no banning threat anymore from Government. We noticed the government cant do anything about this. ( well, they will try their best regulating but not the banning) 
But you guys have to know-  from next week(end of this month), we are allowing the newbies ( it is temporary blocked from the banks) with having a real-name financial system. After that. I am sure the situation is getting much better. So don't  get panic with any fake news. 

i really hope our "decentralization dream " comes true ! 
Hold on tight! 
[deleted]
Last year I invested $8k in BTC and other crypto, and it's now all worth $4k. My fiancee is gonna kill me.
Don't worry boys. Meme support at 9000 is strong.
New coin coming out in a few days. mETH coin. It's just like Ethereum, but the programmers stay awake for days at a time, updating the code and digging holes in their front yard.
Anyone know where McAfee will be streaming his live dick eating? I want to make sure I don't miss it.
Poor Harodl

https://i.imgur.com/rXNe2ad.jpg

[Reference](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7frumr/buying_bitcoin_at_9700/)
Crash is over. It is going up from here. Finally :)
A captain goes down with his ship. Never sell.
The 25 bitcoin sell wall at $10,000 got destroyed in 1 second on gdax wow!
Arent these weak sellers flushed out of the market yet?
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED
Dudes, I hope all of you who tried to claim that this market wasn't manipulated have seen the light. Whole manipulation by whales drives this show.
When I wake up I fully expect any % loses to be back in my account with 2% interest for the inconvenience caused even if I slightly enjoyed it. Goodnight you crazy mo fos. It’s been a wild 24  
[deleted]
[deleted]
When will this nightmare end?
Bitcoin isn't going back up until fees decrease significantly, which means we need more segwit and eventually lightning implementation.
PANIC!
$9400 on bitfinex omg
People who don't understand markets are posting a lot here. Listen, the whales will keep pushing this thing down because they havent reached enough resistance. They want to trigger all of those nice, nice stop losses and gobble them up. Most technical analysis suggested this would be at 11, 8, or 6k. We'll see. Once they've pushed far enough, they will then turn around and push until they've hit enough resistance on the other side. This is what has happened for most of these swings. 
**sweats profusely**


I am not a weak hand 

I am not a wEAk hand

I am Not a awweAakig Hdna 
anyone saw this? https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DTvuntHWkAAgThU.jpg:large

what's your opinion?
Can someone experienced explain why BTC/ETH/BCH/LTC draw almost the same pattern on dayly charts?
time to zoom in again
I swear the whales are just getting each other rich by inducing panic selling and panic buying by people and just scooping up the profits. This volatility is crazy
Finally finished my shift... sorta late to the fun but waited some time to share my crypto sketch. Enjoy!

https://imgur.com/nyymDcC
Baby come back. You can blame it all on me 
This discussion yesterday was hilarious. Shout out to everyone who was in here helping the noobs stay steady, my phone was blowing up with them thinking it was the end.
Haha reading these comments you fucking people are delusional. A whole other level of stupid.
It just seems so coincidental that the first CBOE futures settle on the same day as a huge crash. http://cfe.cboe.com/cfe-products/xbt-cboe-bitcoin-futures
Accountant dropped me as a client because Bitcoin bot. AMA.
going to the dark side of the MOON.
The worst part of FOMO is that I feel less anxious hodling coins that are bleeding than having spare fiat on hand.
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r7r0001?feature=playlist&nline=1)

VIDEO|COMMENT
-|-
[Remy: Bitcoin Billionaire](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG7zLhEWanc)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7r0001/_/dst6zjr?context=10#dst6zjr) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG7zLhEWanc
[Tom Petty - Free Fallin'](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWJXDG2i0A)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7r0001/_/dst6wmt?context=10#dst6wmt) - Thread theme:
[Price Down, Pick Up!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEBP9dpVM70)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7r0001/_/dst6phn?context=10#dst6phn) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEBP9dpVM70
[Don't Buy Bitcoin. It's Going To Crash!!!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbZ8zDpX2Mg)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7r0001/_/dst62en?context=10#dst62en) - This is so funny:
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r7r0001?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
And down the rabbit hole we go :(
I’m going to lose my family. Everything I love. 
I'll echo Andreas' thoughts. This technology cannot be un-invented. It's here to stay and it's going to change our lives. 
Uh oh the tether support broke and now it's going below 10 for good
For crypto not crash to lower values what people should do? Just keep it?

I truly don't know why btc is so valuable, this downfall came out of nowhere for me
after just watching the bitcoin  trades on bitfinex this market is being manipulated so bad , the reason its going back up is because they are allowing it too 
Well at least it's showing signs of life. Or getting ready to drop like a sack of hammers again. I'll stay cautiously optimistic
Vegeta support is stronk.
If you believe the theory that whales were shorting and pumped and dumped... Do you think they will do this again?  That would mean they would pump the market again.
when someone says that bitcoin is easy money remember the last weeks.
If you were waiting for a time to buy in, I’d say it’s now.  

Oh, and fuck futures...
Looks like Coinbase have suspended purchases
I don't always do day trading but seems current falling prices of btc, I thought I could sell and then buy later more btc with same money. I sold and then I got scared when prices of btc started going upward temporarily. I lost few btc. never again day trading . I'll stay HODLer no matter what
I mined my first teeny bit of a bitcoin today Took me 2ish hours at 40ish Hashes a second (still have no idea what half the terminology means) but I got my first 0.00000071. I feel happy to be apart of the crypto currency train.
Also should add im a complete book and just figured out how to mine about 4 hours ago
[deleted]
I dont even care if it crashes anymore, its just money
I like how those who are heavily invested in it whether to make money or “the future” just always pretend that all this can’t just continue to drop and never go back up. There’s no guarantee. May be time to sell or time to accept a lower standard? 
https://m.imgur.com/mfwvKQj
I wanna talk about the Network fee currently.

So I tried buying some Bitcoins for the first time last night. I used a Debit Card via coinbase and apparently I "own" 0.00448092 BTC ($48) Coinbase takes a 4% commission so I spent $50 and got $48 in bit coins. (approx)

The first thing I wanted to do was go find ways I can spend them. I used the Bitcoin FAQ thread stickied at the top. I tried going to greenmangaming.com, they don't accept them anymore, I tried going to Steam, they don't accept them anymore, I tried going to Humble Bundle, I think they had a link but it was disable with a message that said not accepting them due to the volatility. Tryed going to Gyft, couldn't login for some reason so gave up, tried going to newegg, not accepting them anymore, tried going to overstock and holy cow!!! they accept bit coins!

So I tried checking out and realized that overstock is using coinbase as it's bitcoin payment processing system but at least I could spend a bit coin there.

So now I wanted to see how to get my bitcoins off coinbase so I read up on software wallets for my phone. I landed on Airbitz and installed it and started it up. I wanted to send my bitcoins from Coinbase to the wallet. The wallet took a long time to setup an address for me but now it's there.

So to send my bitcoins to my wallet I tell coinbase to send it to the address on my phone. (had to email myself, copy key, paste into coinbase window)

Then I saw the Network fee. Approx $10 USD of bitcoins. And after doing some research that network fee is simply how this all works... in order to make a transfer that is real that fee is involved.

Is that correct? In order for a bitcoin transaction to happen the network fee has to be paid so that the transaction is recorded by all those mining computers right?

I'm pretty sure this also means that the $50 I spent on coinbase is not a real bitcoin transaction until they transfer it to my wallet then, correct? How were they able to purchase bitcoin for me for $2 (4% of $50) when the network fee is $10? (approx) Can they create transactions without paying the network fee because they're a "miner" themselves?

Assuming 1 person has a bitcoin in their wallet on their phone and another person has a car worth 10k USD and wants to sell it for 1 bitcoin, the first person could scan the address of the person with the car, then send him/her 1 bitcoin, and the network fee would come out of that transaction?

So all transactions cost at least $10? (approx right now) Is that how this works?


Now this is a fuckin sell off! Whatever. Buy at the bottom, buy on the way up. Makes no difference to me
Bitcoin just broke $10k and went below ooooooo
https://www.gdax.com/trade/BTC-USD

Watching this is my new obsession. Whenever it hits a milestone price, it goes crazy. 
So should I buy $500 on this crash?
It is dropping pretty fast, so it might be the last chance to buy BTC at $9k ! 
was nice to knowing you guys
Anyone who has a Ledger wallet having syncing issues? Won't let me send/receive, it's just stuck on syncing.
wow a Green light
WE ARE GOING GREEN

I honestly don't know what's worse for my heart, my anabolic steroid use or trying to day trade/short crypto. I saved myself a few bucks in losses selling and buying back in but at what cost to my ticker has yet to be seen.
So will it continue to crash when asia wakes up in a couple of hours?
will it go any lower?

or is it on the rise?
Hitting 12k in 2 hours and 13k tomorrow
Ladies and Gentlemen please keep all arms & legs inside the ride things are about to get interesting!
Mr. Whalebachev, tear down this wall!
get ready for space travel
Bought the dip, fuck the haters. 
So good to watch people happy like now lol
A leson to you... HOLD and you will never lost the exatly point to enter again. Just hold and everything will back to regular point. If you sell, you probably will lost a good point to enter again, also, the price to buy and sell have a good diference and you will lost more money than if you hold.
Always HOLD.
When moon
Hang in there!!!!
Two of the biggest trading market servers in Korea just crashed from too much buying attempts. 
Asia wakes up soon.  Hopefully we continue the up swing!
So now all coinbase users can login to gDAx deposit their BCH and sell for BTC wonderful times we live in
looks like we're gonna play the 'keep it barely above 11k' game for a bit.
I think the worst is over... at least I of course hope it is. 
I don't get why people feel the need to come into the sub and feel all superior by shitting on bitcoin and people who have it.

Yes, most of us here who have bought bitcoin understand that it could go up to $30k tomorrow or it could drop down to $3k tomorrow. No one has ever advocated for people to blindly invest in bitcoin. I'm long on bitcoin. It goes up, great. It goes down, I've invested what I'm willing to lose, like I would any other stock. I don't have my 401k or life savings in bitcoin. That being said, I'm not necessarily ready to buy anymore bitcoin. 
[deleted]
I just do not understand all the panic hype. 1500% rise and nobody is surprised, but, 50% drop and people freak out and panic? LOL
Need I overstate the obvious? I was early. Not 2009 early. But summer 2015 early. Earlyish. Only three years ago. Bought at 605 and 705. Currently sits 11,300. Merely a month ago WE WERE ALL DYING OF JOY THAT 'Will it hit 10k?' fever was coming on. Crash? My asscrack. True noobs should not even be ruffled. This kind of BTC behavior ALWAYS results in 'To the moon, Alice.' Relax and buy this delicious dip. You will thank yourself later. (And be joyous if you did not fall in with Bitconnect.)
Sincerely, Lieutenant Obvious, Corn Battalion
Losses aren't losses unless you convert to fiat or spend, right? Or am I crazy?

I've got a set "don't sell until X" date and it's still a few years away. All these price swings people panic about... I don't feel it.

I know "hodl" is a meme, but really; I'm in this for the long game, not the daily drama, so why should any dips *now* bother me?

Now, if the dips continue across a few days and the price actually starts tanking to the floor, it's another story, but until its' the story for a week or more, I won't lose sleep. And I ain't cashin' out then either; If at my sell date I have no money in the game, it is what it is; Not like this is my only investment in life.

I always follow the rule: Never invest more than you're immediately willing to call "Worth $0" until it's spent or turned into fiat. 
Amazing to see all these weak hands. My brother sold all his bitcoin (a fair amount!) at 10k and I just laughed! I'm not even invested in bitcoin, I'm in VEN (which to be fair has dropped with btc) but I find it amazing that people are selling out. Despite dropping in price, there has been hundreds of millions invested into bitcoin during this dip in the knowledge that it will go back up.
Hold if you can afford to lose.  Don't buy more if you can't afford it.  This can go either way - recover or drop further, either is equally possible.
So this was the great bubble of 2017. See you guys at the next bubble in 3 years.
Rebounded quite strongly there. This may be the end of this bout of crashing. I’ll see y’all next crash!
Can't believe 10k is a relief.
[deleted]
I hope the shakeout will continue even more viciously with shitcoins (probably like 90% of alts) with a flight to quality. I‘m not trying to be a douche bag but I think it would be healthy for the overall crypto space because a lot of people do not seem to have learned the broader lesson yet.
Tether just printed more fake money, bump incoming.
Where’s the next support level? 8k?
Can someone please explain this to me:
When Bitcoin goes up alts go down
When Bitcoin goes down alts go down
When Bitcoin goes sideways alts go up

I find this really weird, you are trading BTC against an alt. So if the value of BTC goes up than of course the value of an alt goes down. But why do alts go down when BTC gows down??? They are traded against each other? 

Note: I am not talking about the market crash atm, I am talking about Bitcoin vs alts in general on 'normal ' days
How far we will be going?
Big Dip or Crash of 2018? Thoughts.
What's your sell stop?
Broke the 10000 wall in Gdax on the fourth try.
looks like the 10k wall was fake af, but that 9980 one was real and eaten.

edit, one too many 9s I wish it were that hahah
Just wait till the big player which are tryin to manipulate are out...i think its just a purification process!
I want honest reviews about cryptocurrencynewsfeed.com

please help!
Trade volume is way up compared to yesterday at this time. All of the lightweights are panicking. Hodling as usual.
We need Vegeta Blue to keep it at least over 9000. C'mon Vegeta help us.
Futures need to go. They bought lots of btc and short contracts. Clamp/manipulate the price for weeks with fake sell walls and waited till the day before contracts expire and dump it all. Make massive money on the short contracts via manipulation.


FOBLHTB

Fear of being left holding the bag 
Approaching $9k wall on GDAX at 10:33a EST.
Just bought some more now. Doing my part!
We are going to $11,000 today folks
So many weak hands on the board right now. The news out of China and South Korea has people shook.
Here we gooooooooooooooooooooo
Don't think the bottom has completely fallen out yet. Hodling what I have for now and plan to pick up some more if BTC hits $9k. Modest gains over the course of the past hour shouldn't impact people's decisions to buy/sell.
Bull trap? Or maybe people are moving their alts to bitcoin?
Whats the cost to mine 1 btc?
Whipsaw pattern right here.
On 7 days in the past month BTC ranged upward enough in a single day that, were it to continue on its present uptrend (who knows) it would finish today above yesterday's close.  I think that would require some of the hysteria about it going to zero to wane, though.  A little too much short-termism going on.  If it gained 1% a day for the next 60 days, it'd be cheek to jowl with 20k again.  I always use GBTC stock to take the temperature of bitcoin.  Currently trading at a 75% premium to the NAV.  That's pretty bullish.
futures ending, gdax opening bch/btc, and the price drama might be cooking up a mighty storm
What is bitcoin backed by? I've learned that one of the downsides to fiat currency is that, well, it's just made up - it's backed by nothing. Is it the blockchain that makes it different? Serious question, just trying to learn.
so why is there no separate thread on the major subject at hand?
Catch a falling knife and put it in your e-wallet, never let it slip away...
[deleted]
Something is telling me this wall is coming down.
I do not understand how these bulls can be so optimistic. The price will almost definitely reach that point again even if it goes over 11k
Seems like the futures are settled. Gonna be an interesting few hours from now on. 

If you are thinking of investing for the first time, you gotta be aware it's a bit of a 50/50 right now, so just ask yourself if the money is worth betting on a coinflip. Read the stickied comment.
We aren't out of the woods yet! Hopefully we can keep it above 11!
who else bought sub 10k?
Who the fuck is selling into this shit?
Aaaaaand Coinbase suspends purchase orders for BTC. 

Typical. 

Can’t wait to leave them behind.
If it passes $11,570 within the next 2 hours today's candle will close as GREEN!
QUADRIGACX IS BACK UP!!!! WOOOHOOO! Thank you whoever you are
so it was all about CBEO and the expiring futures contracts? 
Screw you CapitalOne. I tried to buy more earlier and just saw the email that my transaction was cancelled and refunded. Looked it up and Coinbase is listed as Fraudulent. Now they will probably lock my account...
Guys, it's not over yet. I expect the Lunar eclipse in February but now we will probably go sideways. 
insert Admiral Ackbar 
Not sure why everyone seems to be celebrating at 11.5k. This happened yesterday too and unless it hits 12k. I’m still a bit worried. 

Didn’t stop me from buying in at 9 tho. 
I feel like if the DOW or some regulated stock dipped and recovered this much in less than a day, the feds would be investigating.  It's very shady.  There should be a legit explanation; this shouldn't just be brushed off as a fluke or rare occurrence.  That being said using a form of trade not regulated by a governing body is a double edged sword.
The truth is theirs a war going on between the rich. They're constantly fighting over which direction it may go & we're the watchers that pray they bring it to the moon. Please stop fighting & bring us one direction, UP!

I don't even know whether to be glad when it goes up or when it goes down. I still have quite a bit of bitcoin, so when it goes up I benefit. But I also sold a bunch, so when it goes down I feel like I made the right decision, and I know I can buy back lower if I want.
Woohoo. I'm in the black
January is going to be a great run up for BTC, institutional investors join the game.
On the positive side, fees are lower so you'll get more coin for your money when you buy.

For those who recently got into crypto, ask yourself this - has your belief in the fundamentals and the tech of bitcoin changed in the last week? 
If no, hodl. If yes, why did you invest in bitcoin? 
Sorry if this is not the good place. I have a question from someone who is very risk adverse, and has never invested in bitcoin. 

I heard that some people are holding all their bitcoins and never sold, even when they were valued millions.

What is the logic and when do you plan to sell? 

There are basically two ways for an asset bubble to burst, which are interconnected: 1) people don't trust this asset anymore 2) there's nobody willing to buy this asset anymore.

On one side, Bitcoin has lost credibility (1) as a currency, mostly due to its extreme volatility. However, for the same reason, it became very attractive as a speculation vehicle, and therefore its price and volume kept growing.

Now, it became so popular that we can doubt demand will keep growing. It's so widespread, that it seems (completely unsourced opinion) that we were close to a point where basically anyone who would be susceptible to buy bitcoin in short term, has already bought some. Your mom, your cashier, heard about bitcoin.

Now, these people are only in because of the quick gain. What will happen when they start losing money? Many will take their losses, and sell. Will there be enough demand to match the offer, enough believers to buy everything that quitters are selling?

Probably not. When you can't sell.. . Prices fall.. And keep falling... Now, both conditions 1 and 2 are reunited. It's over, its a burst.

What do you think? 
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?
Caught in a landslide, no escape from bankrupcy
Open your eyes, look up to the stocks and see
I'M JUST A POORFAG, I HAVE NO BTC
Because I'm easy come, easy go, buy high, sell low
Any way the wind blows doesn't really matter to me, to me

So fucking scared. Where is this heading? No bottom in sight
Shame on everyone who panicked.

I was on a bus for 24 hours just now, sucks it went so low, but honestly, anyone who sold so weakly deserves it.
[deleted]
JMO, price is being manipulated by futures traders.  Buy a ton of BTC, whittle down price, put in huge price walls, whittle down, hit target, then re-inflate.
i sold the bottom!
aaaand we going down again
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ  BTC TAKE MY ENERGY!༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ 



weak fucking hands identify yourselves you fucking pussies
Just bought some dirt cheap Blockbuster Video shares, who's in??
This is so funny:
https://youtu.be/XbZ8zDpX2Mg
#CATCH THE KNIFE
When moon 
I just bought a bit more. 
Clear as day. Short term, Wall Street shorting Bitcoin and pumping it, wash, repeat. Long term, Wall Street controlling/suppressing Bitcoin growth through pump and dump fear generation.
guys...
always the same movemente
Look at chart, see history, the same.
Always we have Dump -50% and in one month back +100% Pump
We can see it January 2016, January 2017, July 2017, September 2017, November 2017.
Look the chart.
Dont panic, dont loos money, be smart, just hold and wait, big profit is coming.
2018 will be a BIG $ year to all Cryptos
Falls 51.6% in a month, absolutely no reason to worry whatsoever.
[deleted]
I invested my wife's son's college savings at 19k. Fuck. He's only 3 so it has time to rebound.
First!? Bought some more btc bitches, it's a fire sale 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Hi guys, first time posting on reddit. I know something that my friend from South Korea told me: he said all banks currently have restrictions placed on them (forcefully) in regards to crypto currency transactions. However this temporary restriction will be lifted on Jan 20. (Actually to be more precise- regulations will be in place to register the person with the bank with proof and documents) Coincidentally this is when the release of the new South Korean coin is released: ICX... right on the 20th. 

What do you guys all think? Coincidence or no? And my friend is telling me crypto will not crash in Korea, and not as bad as everyone is taking it to be... as far as he and his group of friends are concerned. 
Looking back I shouldn't have taken out my 401k for this venture...
All a bit sus, reckon a bit of thinking is needed as to who makes the money out of the high level of transactions. Network fees and miners up to no good?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEBP9dpVM70
Can we have a rational discussion on increasing acceptance of bitcoin in this dip?
Thread theme: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWJXDG2i0A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG7zLhEWanc
New Noobling here.. bought in a little high so my 1200 is down to around 900. I am holding tight tho.. I wanna buy more but i think it’s gonna dip a bit more
total crypto market cap has decreased by something like 300B USD in just a couple of days. Craaaaazy... (If I remember correctly, it was more than 750B few days ago, now just 465)
Just a quick question about lightning

Since the transactions aren’t occurring on chain where is the information stored, is it still the same public ledger where every transaction is visible? 
Why are people saying Bitcoin futures is driving down the BTC price?  What is the logic behind this?
Wow!
Market in a free fall... like wtf 
We're goin' Down Down Down Down! - Bruce Springsteen.
GDAX is crazy right now.
[deleted]
I thought more people would have set up automatic buys at the $10k mark :\
The big Buy point arround 8k ~ 9k

Sigh 
I have a question I hope someone can help with.

So, I'm getting back into mining and was looking at pools to help with mining and I saw a familiar website.  I set this up like sooo many years back and actually mined for a few hours before deciding "This is stupid and silly" and stopped.

So i noticed the familiar site and attempted to log in with a username I've used a lot and, lo and behold, i have BTC.  Nothing that will make me be able to retire but enough that, after a minor rebound will certainly help me with rent.

I'm jsut not sure how to get it out of slushpool.com into my wallet.  There is no wallet on file that I see but i click on the "Payouts" part for Bitcoin and "your address for receiving rewards" but when I click that, nothing happens.  Nothing happens to most of what I click.  I'd like to be able to get this where I can sell it when it rebounds.

Can you help?
BTC/BCH trading pair goes live on GDAX in 1.5 hours. Shame they didn't launch it when we were all riding high.
woah that buy wall, 11k within the hour seems possible
Now going upwards on bitcoin.de
Could it be our lord and savior Satoshi nakamoto came back to save us?
There are about half as many futures contracts for march as there are for february. They seem to think it will be ok
Tough to trust any bounce until 4 PM (when the contracts start to expire), if then. Seems like this volatility is all centered around that.
**quick question** if I bought from Coinbase at $9,949 and my transaction is pending, it will go up when it goes through, now that it’s at $10 something right?
If the undead have taught me one thing about investing:

'Patience.  Discipline.'
Why is anarcho capitalism linked in the sidebar? I understand /r/libertarian but the anarcho capitalism subreddit is a bad representation of libertarians and consistently advocates morally repugnant things. I didn't think this subreddit would be comfortable supporting them. 
man, seeing these walls get eaten in both directions is pretty insane. 
If BTC gets banned in china and surrounding asian countries, will the value go up or down?
THIS IS ONE HELL OF A BULL VS. BEAR FIGHT TODAY!!
that 700+ wall at 11k is daunting. here's hoping it goes down as quickly as the buy one did last night.
Guys whose enjoying this sale??
I fucking love thissss shitttttttt....
holy shit it happened.
im buying more
The short position a la liquidating come on get up coin get up
This bird you cannot tame
[deleted]
Bought what I thought was the bottom yesterday and it went down another 2k!! So I didn't buy todays bottom and now we're sling shotting.... ffffkkkkk
Oh boy. What a day. Bought at 9xxx. Hopefully we have such a nice dip again tomorrow. Delicious
buys disabled on coinbase right now?
Bought some at 9 earlier today.  Me happy :) :)
Damn my widget said its down to 7k... I knew it was a glitch. Checked coinbase and its at 11k :|


hopefully we get some support soon.
I dont understand how every single alt is up, I mean like 95 out of 100 of the top on CMC. Some people really like to diversify it seems. Or bots...
how much control do whale have over this market? i fell like some people are just playing around with people on those buy and sell walls. 
KOREANS ARE THINKING KOREAN TRADING MARKETS ARE MANIPULATING THE WHOLE MARKET. How come it always crashs when it goes up?
is there chart analysis for whale activity? days like today make me crazy lol 
Huobi.pro is climbing. It's morning!
why is bitconnect a ponzi scheme? how are they different from other exchanges? could you predict their shutdown?
Why do I always have to pay more for BTC on coinbase than what is currently trending?

For example, if coinbase says BTC is at 10500, when I buy i need to pay 11,200.

This happens at any price. Whats the deal?
Here we go again!
Is this the bounce back? Are we good now?
LN related Question. So say I want to accept BTC LN payments in my store but want to convert it to fiat instantly. I will technically have to close the channel and settle the tab in order to convert to fiat right? If this is true any merchant who has no intentions on holding btc is going to implement LN payments due to the volatility . it will be to costly to open and close a channel after every payment. 
Does anyone know of any serious flex cap ideas for bitcoin? it seems that some sort of automatically adjustning blocksize would be a good idea. Or maybe someone can explain why they are not? thank you
Any info about the upcoming Bitcoin Atom Fork. Does Cryptopia support the Fork?

Everything drops today by a few-dozen percent.
What do we do in this situation?
I'm still on the plus side, but it's hard to resist
fud and panic sell if everything glows red
On coinmarketcap bitcoin price is at 11,100 but on livecoin they are still buying it at 12,750 and up.. why?
[deleted]
Let’s go BTC let’s go BTC 
Dow up, S&P 500 up.  Great .... crypto crash doesn't impact the stock market.  This is really good news.  Damage is contained.
If 10k falls, hope you prepared yourself for one hell off a selloff!!!! 
[deleted]
My expert prediction on record: the floor of this crash is at ~$6100.

It should occur about 19 days from now. (Monday Feb 5 is the beginning of the bounce)


Let's see if I'm right.
Well, I feel silly cashing my 401k + IRA for bitcoin over Christmas. RIP early retirement.
This is ridiculous
Hodl to zero, hodl to your grave!
My god it’s 9900... I shouldn’t have bought more yesterday. I thought we hit the wall at 11k -_-
Today i guess is the day we get













Bitcooooorrrrreeeeektion
I am planning to buy when BTC hits 1000 in a couple of days :)
Fuck yes, 10k! Choo Choo Chooo!
buy before its too late
**Banging the Close**: A manipulative or disruptive trading practice whereby a trader buys or sells a large number of futures contracts **during the closing period of a futures contract** (that is, the period during which the futures settlement price is determined) in order to benefit an even larger position in an option, swap, or other derivative that is **cash settled** based on the futures settlement price on that day.
All I wanted to do was send 0.001 BTC to test my new Nano S. But the fees was 0.00154....  why.. 
It already bounced off the bottom a couple of times. Let's pretend like that matters.
this is why we HODL. sorry if you sold at 10k. your lesson is now learned
I'm pretty worried that if BTC is not able to break through the resistance line around 11.500 the whole downward trend will simply start again...
Honest question and I'm sorry it's not really Bitcoin related. But why is everyone saying they are going to sue the big Bitconnect people (cryptonick, trevon james, etc)? What could they possibly sue for? Do they have a case? 
never ever sell
Just going to leave this here https://imgur.com/a/UeVmS
$250-$400 in 2018
The beauty/horror of BTC exchanges - 24x7.  Non-stop ecstasy when it's climbing, non-stop grieve when it's dropping.  Damn, no "market closed" for breathing space ....
WE JUST HIT 10K EVERYONE!! RE-DROP THE MEMES!
Investors will stop panicking when they understand that BTC opens opportunities to large populations (and whole continents) that until recently were marginalized from being able to participate in formal banking systems with absolute freedom without authoritarian and punitive cost.  

I am not losing any sleep and neither should you.
Read all panic here on Reddit, I can see why so many people are poor and few people are rich, specialy at financial market...
Some months ago everybody writing that Cryptos will be the future, the prices will to the moon/rocket.
Now, everybody panic, its a bubble, will crash and bla bla bla.
Why dont you learn more news, learn more about the tech cryptos and future, learn about financial market, how wall street works, learn the chart and history.
Always the same, up and down, Big Dumps, and fews months big PUMPs.
The rich people, the smart people, the financial people are just wainting your panic, they are wainting to buy a lot of cryptos.
This market will grown too much more in 2018.

i think if it actually breaks 9k its going all the way down to 5k :(
silly question, but how can it be falling this hard when the volume  is much higher than it was when it first reached these prices?
ELI5 please: Can blockchain be used (for example as a land register) without intensive mining?

If I understand correctly, Bitcoin needs mining to add blocks to the blockchain. But that seems incredibly inefficient. Can blockchain technology be used without mining while maintaining integrity of the chain? Thanks!
https://www.investopedia.com/news/wall-street-bonuses-may-lead-huge-cryptocurrency-purchases-rising-prices/
it keeps going under and above of the 10k mark. Like somebody who is  about to drown and struggling for life
[deleted]
It went UP!!!!  9,646!!!  It's a MIRACLE!  We are safe!
Tbh.. I feel better about the price today than I did yesterday.. don’t know why
Can someone post a link to some bitconnect reading? 
[deleted]
Been lurking for a while. Only about 2k invested into various coins, though heavy on BTC. Just bought 1k BTC and $500 ETH.

This crash is just as irrational as the 20k spike we had earlier. It might keep going down, but in within 6mo I think I'll be happy.
If we hit 7000 I am totally loading up on BTC!!!  Who all is ready to do the same???
Please asia see that we are on a rebound when u wake up
where's ronald reagan when u need him
Dang ol voodoo math happening here. The price is virtually the same as fifteen minutes ago but the 24hr percent change went from +11 to +1. Just proves bitcoin is the work of SATAN!
Interesting. Grew up in VB but left after I graduated college. Good for them
should i buy 1 ETH or doyou guys think itll drop overnight?
Question: What stops a big bank from setting up enough nodes to take over a majority of the bitcoin network?
Why is it dipping again? Like who does that "ohh the worst is over and BTC is up to 12k again... PANIC SELLLL" ???
I explained here how to know what is going to happen soon. https://youtu.be/bdNw_4wsSQ8
I think another reason for a continued bull run in 2018 is the stock market. Lots of gains made in stocks may be shifted into crypto as risk appetite grows.
My first Reddit Post, USA about to wake up soon, do they destroy the Market again like last night by continuing to selloff or do they buy at these levels?!?!?  Lets see
i think bitcoin will slow down now,i cant see it going back up to 20k again ,not untill its gets an update for speed and transactions and fee's, if the update doesnt happen very soon we could see alt coins take over its position eg litecoin 
Like every body always says. Relax zoom out the graph. See we are still up. Nothing to worry about
I just sold all my bitcoin, will keep my other holdings. Hopefully invest at the bottom (assuming this isn't the bottom). 

Could go tits up. Always a risk 
Visiting from ethtrader
[deleted]
The government is the enemy of economic growth. period.
This is the moment to buy.
Small time players, people with less than 3 grand invested, or whatever you could afford to lose (hopefully), just hold! Be prepared to lose it but have faith in history and the recovery ! The annoyance of the gains people will make off your sales will trump any sort of negligible relief you gain from selling at a loss. Sit back, have a pint and relax.
Might be worth some analysis of the time of the dips... as yesterday fall twas about now and the US had not had its breaky ??
Can someone please explain how to move bitcoin from coinbase to a hardware wallet??
Any thought to Bitconnect causing this downturn? I don’t know now much BTC they had, but I’m guessing it’s enough to cause something like this. Use all the BTC they scammed from people to quickly cash out into FIAT, which in-turn crashes the market and takes the heat off them since most people are talking the drop in BTC. 
[deleted]
Does anyone know the selling interest (shorting) on the newly-introduced futures?
Is CoinBase Canada ever going to give us the option to sell? I mined about 10$ (big money) worth of Bitcoin a while ago, it grew to 25$ (less now obv) but made the beginner mistake of not doing research and thought CoinBase is a wallet, now the fees to move it to a real wallet is more than what I have in BTC. Might as well just keep it in there for now, maybe buy some Bitcoin now while it's on the winter sale
Hi I am hitting 18 soon, but I've been buying BTC ever since I was a kid. My entire bank account only has $180 the last time I checked and I am lucky enough to be staying with my parents who will also fund me through college. I've been buying BTC when it was near worthless with my soulless retail jobs and accumulated enough BTC to almost become a millionaire when it reached the peak of almost 20k (not sure because I was away on a volunteer trip to a place without internet for quite a while). But if the price had reached 21k I would have become a millionaire before I reached college. But now the price has gotten down and I don't know what to do. If I sell now I can still realize a lot of returns compared to my initial costs, but I can't help but keep thinking that if it almost reached 20k it could reach again and THEN I can cash out and become a legit millionaire. Any suggestions on what to do? I'm not in the US and there are minimal capital gains taxes here so I'm good on that. 
If you bought high hold. if you bought low I would sell and watch these next few days for a good point to buy back in.. I wouldn’t buy today I would wait. My opinion but what do I know??? 
i thought bitcoin futures trading was going to bring alot more money into bitcoin but from whats happening they are bringing us down 
Why in GODS name is Bittrex the only exchange trading this thing like 400 dollars below the price on CMC? This is bullshit
Another new low, they keep on coming.
All time low :P

So....let’s talk about our feelings. Who is going to jump ship? Who is riding this till the end? 
below 6 by friday. FUCK
I am pretty sure bitfinex is leading the crash and somehow I am the target, with my liquidation price around 8k, and despite 3rd time dodging the liquidation by selling off part of my long, I am running out of move now and pretty sure wouldn't be able to dodge the 4th time now in 2 long days... let's see, and i got myself a video just in case to prove my case. Any believer please buy in bulk around 8000. Bitfinexed....
Of course this happens right after I move and don't have any extra money to buy more Bitcoin. Still HODLing though. Taking years off my life but I'm still HODLing on.
Ahhh I should have waited... to buy! Although I bought at the all time low yesterday so not feeling too bad yet.
fuck, whish i had some fiat left to buy :(  
shitcoins taking a big hit today, most of them are close to 30% and 40% decrease in the last 24h, meanwhile btc dominance keeps going up (35% yesterday, almost 38% today), not bad..
Are there any downsides or risks with using LN when it is ready?
[deleted]
Is this the end?
Is it going back to November 
Guys, buy or whait?? 
Oops October 
To be exact, my liquidation price at Bitfinex is 8225.9. Expect a long rise after Bitfinex KO me at that price.
Getting into the game now that the price has tanked recently, minor setback for a major comeback.  Anybody have any issues with BreadWallet in terms of safety?
Thanks 
Good news: BTC dominance is up
[deleted]
This seems interesting https://cointelegraph.com/news/twitter-reacts-to-black-tuesday
well hello again there 10k long time no see
is it just me or does the depth chart mean literally nothing? I just see the price just blow through huge walls on the either side like it doesn't exist.
guys, I'm a long, long time holder but just because it breaks a threshold going up for a second or two doesn't mean it's going to stay there. It's got to fight for it, and can easily drop. save your celebration for when it's stable above a certain point.
its green
When I see the hit to crypto today, I see how Bitcoin is the one hodling the strongest, the BTC Dominance increased from 33.2% to 37.1%
My concern is the leaking market cap. Also, biggest threat is from government/banksters regulations. There's a propaganda war going on, and I don't know if crypto can survive it.
I'd like to purchase BTC with out any ID verification where can I do that?
this might be pretty interesting right now:
https://seekingalpha.com/article/4132395-bitcoin-bubbles-history
what time today does the first futures officially end?
RIPple
Whats leverage 1x on etoro? I wanna buy bitcoin with 500$ but it asks me. Is it okay and safe?
So many seasoned investors making tons of money.. and tons of people losing money ( including me ) 
Does anyone know how much it costs to mine 1 btc roughly? 

Any ideas on the range of the cost? (I know different countries/different electricity costs affect this)

If anyone knows/has an idea, i would really appreciate it!
Guys I need to buy some bitcoins quick. I can't use Coinbase/GDAX. Local bitcoins people are selling at an expensive price and I'm a cheap fella. Close to market price, with a debit card maybe? Suggestions please!
For those wanting a technical opinion, I've been doing this for years, and been though this before. Each time is different, but I've successfully identified the near bottoms before it has bounced back over the last five of these. 

I've pegged this bottom at around $8500. I'd be surprised if it goes through that. There's no real good way to exactly pinpoint, because we are talking probabilities and wide variance here. If you are looking to buy, I suggest now is as good a time as any to start pumping.

The questions you should be asking are 1) does it have a better chance to go higher or lower from where it is now, and 2) what are my alternative options?

Bitcoin has a much better chance of doubling to $20K before it halves to $5k at this point. There aren't many other options that can do that, so yes, I'm buying.
I think the concept behind icx is globalization which is its strength ,  but not without its flaws as well.. well time will tell I guess! 
South Korea politicians are very corupt , and they have a lot of dirty money , all that cash has to go to digital coins because is the best option to hide it , but the price was to high to buy for them . They have the power to spread economical panic , and they did , they waited to fall more they buy and then everything is going to be back to normal , and that's haw with gest a fraze you make milliards while normal , simple, people lose everything because they panic and mass sell , you can't regulate things on internet, only for the people who want to be regulated , otherwise a smart surfer can overcome any low. Sow people don't be scared , don't sell when drops ...... gest be patient .... The real problem is not the government ... we are !!! 
internet has proven in any way that is way above the government
I was debating on trying to gamble with 10-20k last week and I’m so glad I didn’t. I started with a way smaller number just to see how the market works.. I didn’t say investing because at this time I would say most people are gambling with CryptoZ
Gartners hype cycle

I honestly think this is what is going on... For more information you can look it up. The only question is  where in the dip of this graf we are. Dont forget, it is not about bitcoin, but the blockchain thechnology. So bitcoin will go back up after the big dip. So if you want to invest on long turn, just wait until it stabilises and buy than some more, and wait a year or 2....
(I honestly would like to hear your opinion, just keep it on a mature level)


https://blogs.gartner.com/smarterwithgartner/files/2017/08/Emerging-Technology-Hype-Cycle-for-2017_Infographic_R6A.jpg
Futures get settled at 4pm ET. Maybe it'll recover after that 
Asia just started support line? Or tether print another paper? 
Hello, ignorant noob here. Can someone help me understand how to take my bitcoins from an exchange and put it in a wallet? I’m having trust issues with exchanges and would like to keep it somewhere private.
Bots from the institutional investors are putting up mini sell walls to slow the buying momentum
I’m upset because no fiat to buy bottom imagine what someone feels like that panic sold at 50% loss and watching it go back up now? 😱
So did everyone forget about the futures? Exactly a month ago everyone was flipping their shit and now that the first contract ever expired, no one cares? Even with the crash happening the day before?

Some happy wall street folks today! From here.. the price will still be manipulated but not as drastically as for this contract.

CME redux (today was CBOE) coming up end of month?
Wall being tested
and poof its gone
boom
Lambosssssss
Time to feel rich again as the price increases and I get all those upward green arrows 
Someone is trying to stop our fun naughty naughty 
Quadriga CX trading site is down. Servers overwhelmed. Can't do anymore trading till back up. Before this happened, whenever i try to cancel an order or submit one, there was either lag, would get frozen, or simply would not respond. Anyone else having similar issues?
If I need to transfer money from my USD Wallet in coinbase to my bank do I have to pay a fee?
Anyone noticed we hit an « all time low » right when bitcoin futures contracts are settled? (4pm ET)?
Dang it, I was in a meeting and missed the 11k take down. Was it just entirely deleted or did it get eaten? I was looking forward to that all day :(
LOL the 24 hr percent change of +11 is skewed positive right now (2:30 PM PST) because 24 hours ago it was in the 9's for a short time then went back up. In one hour or less it will be about +2% green.
Number down nooooooo
Juuuuuuuust about there!
My mom works for the power company and tells me they’re building a new substation to power a new “bitcoin data center” in Norfolk VA. 
What is this? 

I’m being serious idk what it is..
I bought 0.075 btc today, so now I have a total of 0.1 btc in my wallet. Should I sell now or hodl? Ive already earned like 150 bucks cause I bought at 9300
[deleted]
Where's the best place or forum to learn the tech behind bitcoin?
Anyone have any news about Canadian trading and investing. Seems like most of the sites stopped us from getting in on this 
I have many friends who panic and sold their crypto in loss. i don't know what happened to them but they just throw their crypto, i am new into crypto and have no idea in it. But now my interest is developing in crypto. any lead from where i can buy cryto at best rate? 
And what is the best crypto for long hodl as well as short hodl, Looking for your prestigious guidance.   
With Bitcoin holding pretty strong through the dip, what are your thoughts that money from alt coins starts going back into bitcoin? 
Bitfinex is dragging the price down yet again... man ipu lation!
We must understand that china players are promoting BCH as they are the ones holding most interest in BCH and Bitfinex is very much influenced by the chinese, infact Bitfinex operates in HongKong, China. I wonder if it was a planned strategy to eventually crashed BTC (this can be done as Bitfinex still manage to drag the price down or pump it up at will now where most major exchanges would followsuit). And prolonged downfall of BTC will surely chase away investor and BCH will be the successor. Something to think about
Update news: South Korean coin ICX official live release is on Jan. 24! Sorry I wrote in 20 above on my post. Also this is not available for purchase for Koreans yet... Until the 20th
Bitfinex trying to nail my margin call again, this time liquidation at price usd7450...
All this fud saying BTC “crashed” laugh out loud
remember the posts around Christmas, when everybody was saying "yeah I know it's down, but it's still up 30% in the Month". Well now it's down 50% (monthly speaking). Is it time to panic now?
if somebody has 3 million bucks that doesn't care to lose pls buy some bitcoin and help the plebs to gain confidence so they can follow suit 
In charge of our Bitcoin while my husbands on a 4 month sub deployment. Suffice to say its been a rough ride these past couple of days haha. Bought a quarter when it was at 11.5, bought an 1/8th this morning at 9.3. Do we think its going to the 8s or should I get that second 1/8th before it goes back up to 10.5?
Cryptos have become nothing more than the hopes and dreams of a bunch of suckers thinking they’ll become overnight millionaires. See yaaaaaa.
I am calling bottom at $8000...then beastmode to $25k-$30k
[deleted]
Bitcoin soon 40% Dominance vs 32% last week
I think it’s over. 25k end of Feb! OH YEAH!!!
[deleted]
My friend thinks that cryptocurrency is going to end really soon. What do you guys wanna tell him about his prediction?
is doing Technical Analysis a really idea right now? looking at the BTC/USD day chart, a complex head & shoulders pattern has clearly formed, with the neckline having been broken the past few days.

With that in mind, a pullback to the neckline (around $13K) is supposed to happen, only for it to then drop much much lower after that (like under $9K). Am I way off base here? Still a n00b with TA but thats my understanding of how head & shoulder patterns are supposed to work
Im telling you, always the same movement, big dump.. some weeks back pump
Just be patience.
Be smart. Wait for the profits
Anyone seen the financial times website this morning, 'Bitcoin investors struggle to turn profits into pounds' - not incorrect, the UK banks are mistrustful of bitcoin, interestingly however they're institutionally in the same position as the Financial Times, so the fact they take the same position on this issue is in absolutely no way surprising.

Also, a well timed article, which achieve maximum effect after the shake up yesterday and continued shake up today.

Sell baby sel
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha wtf is happening
fuck
a green light is flashing
How low will we go? I am going to buy this dip hard, but I want to be at the bottom.
Please advise,

For example I want to open my wallet on blockchain.com (is it a good place to do so?). My question is, what power does blockchain.com has over my BTC? What they can do the worst? What will happen if site will be just closed? Can they freeze my wallet?
Just leaving this here:

[Untechnical extrapolation analysis](https://imgur.com/a/OxdyH)


I suppose bitcoin futures shorters can sleep well tonight
inb4 GDAX crashes like yesterday's upswing
I have $60 worth of amazon gift cards, where is the best place I can exchange it for btc or (preferably) eth or ltc?

Is paxful my only option? their rates are kinda high.
buying more at 9k!
Where are the bears at?
Experienced hodlers, what advice do you have for someone who is looking to buy the glorious dip :) 
I've been engaged with a range of crypto activity and have been  slowly dollar-cost averaging my investments, I'd love some insight from people who have experienced dips like this before have informed predictions. 

EDIT: This question isn't for people who got into Bitcoin in 2017. This is in regard to people who have experienced the long-term trends and patterns of bitcoin, and have maintained long-term usage because they support the product's core values and function rather than the volatile profitability. It's hilarious seeing uninformed, emotional hands wanking off at this though.
And it's up 20% again. 
Hey, I had a transaction sent from blockchain.info wallet that still hasn't been confirmed after 5 days (sent too low of a fee). I know how to double spend but am unsure how to do this with an online wallet. Anyone have any idea how I get this transaction confirmed?

https://blockchain.info/tx/c4fcc45292abc1ad41a5bc2d3bd56f52db54a0af43d60b1f24c965f1b3642c66
[removed]
stop throwing bitcoins. you guys always throw when Koreans raises price. We're going to hit 12000 today
"The market was very overheated and had significantly dislocated from trend. A large percentage of investors were expecting this correction and reversion to mean."

ELI5 - anyone who bought this flaming pile of dog shit at 20k please come to my seminar tonight - How to get a job at the US Postal Service. Attendance ticket is only $299.99. 
LOL who the fuck is buying rn 😂😂
This won't stop until 7k. 
Bitcoin will be $20k by Jan 2018... Oh err 🤔
Need I overstate the obvious? I was early. Not 2009 early. But summer 2015 early. Earlyish. Only three years ago. Bought at 605 and 705. Currently sits 11,300. Merely a month ago WE WERE ALL DYING OF JOY THAT 'Will it hit 10k?' fever was coming on. Crash? My asscrack. True noobs should not even be ruffled. This kind of BTC behavior ALWAYS results in 'To the moon, Alice.' Relax and buy this delicious dip. You will thank yourself later. (And be joyous if you did not fall in with Bitconnect.) Sincerely, Lieutenant Obvious, Corn Battalion
I think the price will still fall back down to around $7.5k or so. On the upside, this correction made an upswing to $40k possible, and If it breaks upwards of $15k, then it will be a good time to turn bullish.
I think it'll go down to $1000 or below. BTC has little real utility - transaction fees and durations are too high. Most of the valuation comes from people investing with the hope of selling with profit.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Guys, have you heard about this disciplina.io? Blockchain, education. How do you think, should I support it? Will it be profitable?
I'm not sure about it - it's russian, and so, you know, unpredictable. How do you think?
FUD is looming
5k will be the bottom ... This correction is long overdue ....look at the day chart ..
HODL? 
Newbie here with a simple question. Today is one month since my first buy at 17k. I'm trying to follow what most of you say here. So I have invested only what I can afford to lose. But then the dip came. And all the "buy the dip" speeches came too. So I made another buy at 13k. Now I have invested a bit more than I can afford to lose. But it's still ok. Happens that at this moment I have the chance to buy more BTC at 9.something. Looks like a great opportunity to me but I will be leaving my "ok to lose" zone. If everything goes wrong I won't be losing my lifesavings but it will hurt. What do you guys think?
calling the bottom at 8,400 then moon shot up about 50%
Hey I've only spent 2 real months in crypto but I need you guys opinion on something. How long do you think the Bitcoin hype can last? It's gone 10 years without major adoption as it pertains to what it was created for: a digital currency. 

I've only read up on it and a few other currencies briefly but it's apparent that Bitcoin is inferior tech and all other "generation one" crypto tech will be disposed of along with it.

I guess my question is how much media steam do you think Bitcoin has left? Maybe the implementation of lightning network and other sidechain development and that's it? I'll ride the hype 6 more months before I think it is too much of a gamble.
Lol at all the people from All trying to rub salt in people's wounds. Watch as they disappear when we bounce from the impenetrable 10k floor. 
$11,000 today $14,000 end of the week, $20,000 in a month
Calm down people ! Be smart, dont panic, its part of the game.
Big profit is coming. Big players are waiting to join this market.
In one month all market cap will back to 700~800 bilions $
Just wait and enjoy the ride
To the people who say it's going back up:

Go look at any chart and you will see that almost every time a coin goes down, it bumps up slightly every now and then on it's way down. Technically then, even on a downslope it's possible to day trade successfully. Though I don't recommend it, that's basically what is happening right now. Bitcoin went down to 9k and people speculated it would go back up, possibly to 10k, before it continued going down below 10k.
Too all those nervous out there 3 words: HODL 4 Life!
Relax people! This is just a redistribution. It will go back up. If your a smart investor and didn’t pull out major loans to buy BTC you should just wait. This has happened before. But this time the exchange transactions are mostly made in satoshi’s which imo means big holders are selling and is being redistributed amongst the population. BTC is unstoppable.
Here we go again nooooooooo
Well I live in uk but I meant 8k dollars
Hi all, I abandoned a transaction a week ago on Bitcoin Core that I set too small a fee for, and it seemed like it worked at the time, but today I can see the unconfirmed transaction has gone back into the memory pool. Anyone know why this might be?
Oh no bad bad bad 
Just because a couple of countries ban it ffs this is nothing
Just saw this void on Bitfinex. A $20 gap with no buy or sell orders. Bloody odd.
Something something people are just selling off for tax reasons...

Edit: Apparently I dropped this: /s
HODLing over here 
What does this mean for the futures? Some come good soon right? Surely the big traders won’t let this happen if they are all in for 18k?
When do people start panic buying?
Getting much healthier volume these past day or so. Could go lower from panic and what not, but looks much more like we finding a good market price.
Just  another day of trading crypto... [Hostile Little Faces](https://imgflip.com/i/22udxl)
Accidently bought 50 bucks at 10.4k.. haha.not a big deal. My transaction is still pending. Anyway I can cancel that transaction?
I bought more   
$$$
TAX SOFTWARE:

Has anyone found a tax software package that supports importing crypto histories?  I was looking at Turbo Tax Premier but wanted to see what you guys might have uncovered.
Best alt coin to buy now? 
Is the blockchain constipated or is the blockchain constipated?
yeah!! come'on!!!

bitcoin to the moon!!!!
Please help: I hid Bitcoin in a wall in my last apt and forgot it was there. How do I transfer my coinbase wallet to my new apt? Preferably in an easily accessable cabinet or drawer so I can remove it without damaging it. Also, does anyone want a lambo? I only have one parking spot at my new place.
dead cats do what?
[deleted]
Hello, newbie here with a question. In everyone's dream world where bitcoin is the only currency, with no traceability and no regulation, how are taxes supposed to work?
