Daily Discussion, January 04, 2018
just bought some btc, expect a dip 
this was an interesting read about sell walls. There have been massive sell walls on GDAX for the past few weeks trying to keep the price point where it's at. Pretty interesting read

https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7nqts3/sell_walls_what_they_are_what_they_do_and_how_to/
One of the current event tracks in the mobile game "Hill Climb Racing 2" is called "Coins To The Moon".
[deleted]
Here we go.  Please keep all arms and legs inside at all times.

Looks like $ is pouring from alts back into big daddy.
people thinking btc is over are just fcking stupid. It's so logical that now dumb money is coming into the crypto and they are buying what is cheap, that's why i think we gonna see trx at .5$ because they don't look at the market cap but once the money stops  coming in, btc will go not to 20k but 40k taking in consideration the total marketcap.
Bitcoin is the reserve currency of the entire crypto market. When peeps move in and out of alts, they use BTC. 

Just look at all the alt dumps, right now even, BTC is even commanding a premium on some markets.

With SEGWIT plus Lightning Networks, there will be an entire ecosystem of payment networks and providers. People will have the option to be on-chain with high value lower fee TX and the option of express rapid payment ultra low fee wallets and payer circles that can add on Rootstock and other smart contract enhanced services.

Don't let me try to twist your arm! When this comes to fruition, and it will soon enough, many new fangled, unproven, dangerously centralized and attack vulnerable networks will just cease to exist.

I can't wait for 2018 and 2019 and 2020 with my BTC safe and sound in my Ledger.

I really enjoy seeing the alts bloom. And I really enjoy seeing them buying and selling from all the pump n dumps using BTC!
[deleted]
just went to /r/btc by mistake, oh boy, I regret.
Buy the dip...
bitcoin increases 5%, alt coins drop 15%

everyone loses their minds 
oh wow, sudden spike up, what the hell happened? Does this have anything to do with an event or did it just happen randomly?
I’ve seen estimates from “knowledgeable” people estimating bitcoin going anywhere from
$40k to $100k by the end of 2018. 

What do you personally think it’ll end up at?
Please don’t test 13k today
Any word on segwit support from Gemini? I finally got verified there.
i’ve just sent $1,000 worth of bitcoin with a 1.50 tx fee, how long can it take to confirm? Does it get cancelled at one one point if there are no confirmations?
Is it really staying above 15.1K? 
16K again. FeelsGoodMan
What I hate most about these past few days is when it takes us hours to make it go up and the sellers takes it down in a few sec. the support goes away then price goes down more than it went up. The bots are playing so hard these past few weeks.
Does the Intel bug have an effect on Cryptos in any way?
Starting to see more FOMO posts. I predict a break to the upside on BTC within a week. 
[deleted]
Interesting article over at Zerohedge: https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2018-01-04/ghana-urged-invest-1-its-reserves-bitcoin
Where do I buy bitcoin? And what about initial investment? I’m just kinda confused and would like to learn more about it. Is there any kind of guide to bitcoin? Anyway, thanks.
Bitcoin Storm damn
Time to raise that Dominance percentage eh??? 
I can't stop looking at GDAX. Damn, Reminds me of the time we broke 10k. 
I don't get it. why built a sell wall, when there is a HUGE buy wall upcoming. don't you have enough time, whale
Fake support of 160btc taken down with roughly less than 5 btc. Fucking bots
[deleted]
Does anyone know what's the sudden drop of 500$ about?
Question: can you spend a change of unconfirmed tx? If yes, what will happen when that unconfirmed tx get cleared from the mempool (because of low fee)?
It feels like small, short lived pumps have been happening from time to time; I guess in the last couple weeks or so (which feels like forever) but the confidence isn’t there - what has to happen to see it break through the 20k barrier.
Hey guys so I have some BTC, LTC, and ETH on Binance and I was thinking about moving them back to coinbase for convenience. Would I be able to trade within the cryptocurrencies in coinbase or would I have to go FIAT —> Crypto all of the time?
Anyone locked out of Binance?
I just love it when half the United States gets hit with internet outages in the middle of a spike while I'm day trading.
What would happen if countries started throttling port numbers involved with cryptocurrencies?
Hey I have a Segwit question. I currently use Coinomi and want to transfer my BTC to my ledger segwit address. If I load up my coinomi wallet seed onto a segwit address like Electrum, will the transaction from Electrum to Ledger then be a segwit transaction?
Hey guys new to BTC. How long would it take at the moment to move BTC to another wallet or exchange to sell? I heard it’s resllt congested
Are we seriously still letting China hurt Bitcoin? It never surprises me how retarded the markets are.
WTH is up with the slow transactions on BTC? Coinbase is saying upwards of 24 hours.
I got banned from r/btc for calling ~~bitcoin cash~~ bcash “bcash”.
Is it happening? Sold all my altcoins yesterday for btc. Fingers crossed
I'm now at the point where I'm fully convinced that cryptocurrencies have the potential to alter the present centralised financial system. But before they do that, they're going to have to survive attacks intended to destroy it. I decided to do some reading into if and how Bitcoin can be killed and published an article on my blog discussing my findings. If you're interested, I've left the link below. Hopefully you learn something you didn't already know and it serves some purpose for you:
https://crypto101.org.uk/2018/01/04/is-it-possible-to-destroy-bitcoin/
For who wondering about why xrp is skyrocketing right now : more than 50% of current xrp volume is in korean exchange. bithumb, coinone, korbit + upbit(upbit is not shown in coinmarketcap now)

Now, every korean media is literally praising xrp. Like 'xrp's time', 'forget btc! xrp is going', and so on. On the other hand, they are continuously saying that 'bitcoin is bubble' , 'Does bitcoin finally crashed? xrp's rapid progress' and blabla.
What are the chances today? is it gonna go up or down?
Hello all.

Happy New year!

I have a simple question.

What will happen when the last block is mined?

I see a lot of posts in favor of segwit here, but what are the main arguments against it? 
Prepare the second launch boi$$$
Question for you folks. One of the knocks I've heard against bitcoin is that right now 1 transaction takes an insane amount of power, something like enough energy to power 10 homes. This seems unsustainable but obviously there must be more to the story, otherwise BTC would go straight to 0. So my question is what is it? What's the catch/fix to the power consumption per transaction
Do different exchanges typically have different trading volumes for bitcoin? If so, which stand out as the typically having high trade volumes
trying to withdraw ETH from binance to my gdax / coinbase account but when I try to scan my QR code for 2FA it says invalid. How do I go around this? I want to get my money out of binance
Please visit BTCsavesanimals.com and Donate what you can in an effort to save endangered species across the globe from extinction.
if you're starting out in the bitcoin market then you need to visit this site to help you out. We offer up to date articles, in depth reviews, and easy tutorials. www.mybitology.com
Is transferring off An exchange (gdax) to Trezor wallet as slow and fucked up as the other transactions?
Hodl’ing and want to get it into the trezor but a little apprehensive about the current slow /expensive/problematic transactions 
Wasn’t there supposed to be a Rootstock announcement yesterday? Something about going to mainnet?
Coinmarketcap.com is showing bitcoin at around 15k.... my heart came to mouth
The @bitcoin twitter account has been hijacked by bcash scam artist. How can this be happening?!
   News about rockets  must be check http://allbitcoins.eu/2018/01/05/stellar-rockets-into-the-cryptocurrency-top-10-after-tripling-in-a-week/
If it gets over 16200 what is the new resistance? And, you guys think its more likely to go trough that resistance today or fall back? And if its falls back.. To where do you guys think it will fall back?
These new security flaw based on the CPU hardware... are they good for bitcoin?
Simple question - I'm moving bitcoin from a paper wallet to Exodus, then onto an exchange. Am I paying $30 just to move from the paper wallet, then likely the same again after that?

[removed]
Watched an interview the other day discussing the issues that BTC has had with mining speed, etc. and they stated that all the miners had been sold out and even this upcoming Spring’s batch were already sold out of pre-orders. They went on to say BTC is still pretty early in the development stage and that the recent boom brought all of these issues to the spot light due to not having enough people/resources ready for the boom. Is this something you guys agree with? Give em a little time to implement lightning and have more miners and issues should be fixed? 
Can anyone tell me a good website to buy BTC from and then transfer it to binance?Since all of the popular websites are under heavy load so please suggest something that I can register/verify fast.
Does anyone know of any exchanges I can transfer USD to that is not under heavy load right now, and that won't take forever to send to another exchange?
Bitcoin and blockchain technology talk in Africa, precisely Ghana. Gov't adivced to make a decision to invest 1% of USD reserve into bitcoin https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10211088161187633&id=1464216819
Comments on this article?  http://www.livemint.com/Opinion/sf3sOyMpNPQwZu2ExNnswO/Solving-the-wrong-problem-Bitcoin-misunderstands-money.html
Transaction times are so so so so slow. What’s going on? It’s taking 5+ hours to send bitcoin.
Everybody said that it would reach 20 k by 2018, lmao
i accidentally sent BTC from one exchange to another exchange bch wallet, does that mean i lost my .5 btc? please help am having heartattck about thsi
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
What's going on with LTC today? Getting crushed.
Hi guys, 

Just wanted to let you know that something big just happened.

Bitcoin is bleeding, while Ethereum (and the alts) are gaining.

That. Hasn't. Happened. Before.
