Daily Discussion, May 18, 2018
Some nice support above 7,900, bounce could continue to 8,300 or so. Volume is not that high, so I wouldn't be surprised if it tests support again later today.
Bitstamp is starting to ask some pretty spooky questions. I only recently filled in the KYC questionnaire.

I have been a loyal customer of theirs for years. Suddenly the KYC questionnaire pops up and I'm thinking "fine, I'll fill that in, too". This is bearing in mind I am fully verified. They have my passport, proof of address. You would think that would be enough.

Then they suddenly ask where my bitcoin originate \(mining\), how I heard about bitcoin, how much I am planning to withdraw, how I am planning to use my bitcoin. 

So I'm still thinking "fine, I understand they are getting regulated up the wazoo and need to cover their asses against money laundering". I tried my best to answer accurately, but honestly, it was mostly guess work.

But that wasn't enough either. Now they are asking for proof of purchase of my mining equipment. Like, what? 

So I resisted a bit and asked them if they can at least promise me that it will be enough information once I provide them an invoice for the miner \(no idea if I will even find it\). I also asked them what the consequences are, if I do not provide the information. They just ignored that question in their next communication.

Along with their messages, they keep saying "you are welcome to provide additional \[insert ridiculously private and personal information about wallets and transactions\] and any other information" without specifying exactly what they need and how much of it. So I just simply won't know when this process ends? That is nuts! Nobody has ever asked this much information of me in such a bizarre manner.

ON TOP OF THAT they have now asked me to 'elaborate' on 3 extremely specific transactions I made. To specific addresses. 

Like, how on earth am I supposed to know what that was for? I interact with the bitcoin ecosystem everywhere, like, some random number strings on blockchain don't tell me why I made some random transaction and it's not like I keep a spreadsheet with them in it.

This is extremely worrying and I will immediately move all my funds out of Bitstamp. After this many years of loyalty it seems that I need to find a new home for my Bitcoin trading. This is extremely disappointing.

Has this happened to anyone else?
#🚀🌕
Are we going to manage to stay above $8k today?
What exactly are the factors contributing to this plateau? Do we know? Any guesses?

Seems...suspicious to me that there is all this news about more and more adoption, and the lightning network making everyday use of bitcoin possible, yet the price remains stagnant. It's like someone is able to intentionally stall the rush in order for their pieces to move around. 
1 Bcash = ฿0.146

:)  :)  :)  :)  :)

When this scam is called out, Bitcoin soars.

Let's go boys!

(and ladyboys)	
https://omniexplorer.info/address/3MbYQMMmSkC3AgWkj9FMo5LsPTW1zBTwXL

250mill Tether Printed
Fuck Bart Simpson
When Andreas Antonopoulos on Joe Rogan again?
I'm ready for the next bull run. Shall we begin?
right now, im hoping for another short squeeze. 
Where do you guys think the bottom is? 
Bullish
Now we need a higher high. That would mean something like $8400 for a longer time and/or a peak above $8500.

And we need to break $8340 to break the downtrend.

That would be nice...
Rate my TA 😂

https://i.imgur.com/MD9caon.jpg
[deleted]
Batman is back fuck Bart 
At least they are lubing it up this time and giving it to us slowly.
Was the concept of block chain / bitcoin totally brand new when Satoshi introduced it in his white paper? Or was there some earlier attempts using the idea of public ledger and complicated math for verification?
Think big whales are setting up the shorts over past few days and then wam bam thank u mam
http://segwit.party/charts/ is gone, what can we use instead, to measure current segwit adoption?
We need some bullballs now
As someone who isn't very programmer or technical savy could anyone help me find out what the cheapest and most simple way to run a node and help the Bitcoin network do it's thing without having to learn too much or sink thousands of dollars into equipment? Thanks in advance :)
Pumpy wumpy.
Bullflag forming
100k 28th December!
**Meanwhile,** over on the naughty step:

*My informant dares visit the bleak and conspiratorial world of Bcash over at r/BTC, on your behalf.*

Here is his report:

Nothing.  Nope.  Nothing.  Just - nothing really.  Just, nothing.  Has Roger stopped pumping Jihan?

Looks like most of the weak hands are out let’s get this goin!
Well I’ll be damned. We finally closed the day with a green candle!
John McAfee must be fking scared right now 
Just got an extra 100$ to spend on crypto! Anyone think I should right now?
[deleted]
Are there any apps I can get on my phone that will notify me when certain cryptocurrencies value rises above a threshold I set? Or any other useful crypto related apps?
Need a whole bitcoin.
Have a little of one, not a lot.
Price is too high.
Cant spare.
Problem.
We got a flat liner someone pull out he resuscitation electrical thingys
rsi looking as good as it did on April 10 on the 1 day chart
when moon Lamborghini
Can’t stand all the idiots that sell because it doesn’t boom while the consensus is happening fuckin idiots a whales not gonna do what you expect
C'mon where is 50k per Bitcoin? 

We'll have to wait for a while...
so every day I'm like... should I sell my alts and buy back lower.... nahhh 

Damn thats the breakout we needed. Fron 8080 to 8100. Cme on bitcoin
now moon?
This thing can bang any moment all it takes is a few whales and we’re back above 9k;)
are the bulls back?
their//there//they are/they're;
your//you are/you're;
its//it's/it is

Lower.
Does anyone not look at 6m graphs anymore?  Its doing the same thing as it did back in between feb-march.  Except this time the bottom will be lower.  See you all at 6k.
when moon
Good price.

Going high.
Go see Deadpool 2. 
I don’t get payed till Friday. Hopefully it drops until then. :3
