Daily Discussion, April 28, 2018
Found out a co-worker has been a Bitcoin "Trader" since early 2016.  He was talking about something like "I'm a crypto-trader-enthusiast," only in the space to make USD profit.

He has no clue how Bitcoin works.  He was shilling "crypto" to co-workers, and Hard forks came up.  He told them something similar to what has been in many news articles about Bitcoin forks, namely that Bitcoin forks are like "Dividends and they increase the total supply of Bitcoin so Bitcoin isn't actually very scarce"

I interrupted and said that all hard forks were, were incompatible software changes with the rest of the original network.

And he replied that "Bitcoin isn't software," something about "its created by the miners," He said something really stupid about what alt-coins were, I can't even remember what it was.   ???

I don't even know what he was trying to say, made no sense.  How can you be in this space for 2 years~ and not  even know how it all works.

I gave up a couple years ago trying to educate family and friends about Bitcoin

New people only care about making money :(
It really *wants* to get higher.
Another day of above average volume on LBC. LOVE IT XD
[deleted]
What ever happened to the SoCal guy who was shilling his desert mining operation and would turn combative whenever someone called him out on it.  He even asked people to make bets to prove his point.
Nice upward trajectory we have going on here tonight. 
For people who both spend and hold, do you use a hardware wallet for your reserves and a phone app with a smaller amount for daily spending? I assume you don't want to carry the ledger everywhere that you go.
Bitfinex is leading the pack with 9500.3, followed by Bitstamp 9481.0, at the end Coinbase 9458.

Can't remember ever seeing the prices so wide spread. Have important arbitage traders gone out of business?
Looks like we're going up. We'll see by the end of the day
9400 is the new black
The volume seems to be dropping off on gdax. Either we're bottoming out and prepare for another pump or shit is about to hit the fan. I'm rooting for door No.1 and prepare my wallet for No.2.
Europe goes to sleep. Make us proud, guys!
Good morning asia. 
Another run at 9400
My break even is 10k. PUSH!!
it's over 9000!!!
Let's stay above $9,000 this weekend.
With $9 400 gone, which it is, I think will make $9 800 tonight.  Probably get through there Sunday or Monday and then spend the rest of the week fighting $12k.
If we would follow the uptrend we've been in for the past two weeks to the end of the year, we would arrive at over 41k. That's 10k more than the McAfee-Dick-Line predicts.

I don't think anyone believes that we will reach that target, so don't worry if we break an uptrend every now and then...

Also, if we continue to follow this trend, 10k will not be broken before May 5th. So patience!

We're on a very good run right now.
$9.4k is very shy.
so what are you all expecting to happen next week? 
Hi, r/Bitcoin! I'm still in need of some more responses for the quarterly reddit cryptocurrency survey! I'm planning at looking at how the community has changed since the cryptocurrency market has corrected sharply.

**If you would like to fill in the survey, you can do that [here.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfhkUsvWO4xAHnXQ1kjOl9tvmubEw_NquQNb3gwCMQN7LJLVA/viewform?usp=sf_link)**

For those of you who haven't seen the results to my previous survey, you can see that [here.] (https://redd.it/848snp)

Live results of the new survey here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Xhw-pnaJrYZ_zizH46Sxz6hoccY4vfTstzz_MZ2ekaM/edit?usp=sharing

Thanks for your time!
So, if I was a complete moron and happened to send litecoins to a Bitcoin wallet, am I fucked or is their anyway to recover it?
Prepare for the next approach to 9.4k...
I'm wanting to get a little laptop or something to use for my crypto wallet (USB) and online banking. I think a dedicated device could help me avoid malware and whatnot. Does anybody have a recommended cheapie device that gets the job done??
hello and good night of France to you to catch the bottle of beer "heineken"...
I already have btc but i'm going to get more - would you say it would be better to buy it all at once or split it across a few weeks/months buying the same amount at the same time each week until i have got the amount of btc i want?
im trying to change the frequency that my s9 is minning? in order to lower temp. i've read about th
tweaking the s9 using awesome miner but is it trustable? 
Anyone use Square Cash to buy Bitcoin?

I'm on android and don't see the Bitcoin option anywhere.

I follow [these instructions](https://squareup.com/help/us/en/article/6307), but step 2 doesn't work.  There's no BTC symbol and swiping left doesn't do anything.

Do I have to unlock Bitcoin access somehow?
Who was the guy going to give up a nut at 10K?  Is he giving up the other one?
hold 9k for today would be fine and a progress in regard to the last weekends. 
If I was a whale I would manipulate the price just to do the opposite of what MagicPoopCannon predicts on Trading View. 
Noob question, There seems to be big resistance wall at 9300-9400. When that goes down does that mean there will be a pretty good resistance at the same point in the other direction? Seemed to have been case at 8700-8800, but not sure if that is by concidence or if that is how math works out.
is it true that the Mt. Gox whale is preparing to sell some btc? 
:)
Need it to stay at around these prices for awhile so I can buy more at under 10k
[removed]
Wtf.
Waiting for someone to put it back to 9000, seems were in a cycle for now.
https://medium.com/@zaptrem/mainnet-lightning-run-lnd-zap-desktop-on-windows-f73cf78dd633

The instructions weren't clear enough. I got my dick caught in the ceiling fan.
Yes! My portfolio is back in the green again. 
9.4 really being tested now.  Good chance to break through me thinks.
It's just a healthy correction to the 50 hour moving average. We're still inside the uptrend channel. Zoom out and don't worry.

A good opportunity to buy.
$9250 new resistance. Would be great if it holds above
Asia is dumping. Oh wow I wonder who that might be. Starts with the letter M   -.-
