Daily Discussion, April 03, 2018
The bottom was back in the first week of Feb. Onward and upward! We're just a month away from Bitcoin having been worth at least 2k for a full year. 
BTC price looking strong!
Asia better not let us down. We already did our part.
The silver lining in all this is that despite Bitcoin's price struggles Bcash has done worse.  All these months later and it is worth less than 10% of a Bitcoin.
Already have a fuck ton invested, but kind of wanna sell more apple to get another full btc. thoughts?
Im the worst investor ever
Pump them green dildos yeah
I just know as soon as I buy in it will dip again...
Good morning Asia.
People worried about calling the bottom right now:
https://imgur.com/gallery/JvcMBei
Prepare those $9000 memes
Japan was the ones who had 55 percent of trade yesterday 
And started the up ward movement 
From what I read
If that continue to day in Japan 
Or to night in the US
It pays to be in coin
Ive only been able to put less than 50$ in. Is this pointless?
fucking bears-
Whats on the menu today ? 
Just found out about the conference Deconomy on #cryptotwitter - what an awesome speaker roster. 

If I had known about this conference beforehand I'd have gone; how do I stay abreast of leading conferences and events in the blockchain/crypto space? 
Bulls are awake
Many experts on this sub change clothes and their opinions, twice a day. 
People getting all excited for 7400k. Claiming moon etc. 

Gosh : “Do you even bitcoin?”
insane resistance close below 7.4k 
considering McAfee might have been paid to post his bet, do you think he’d really eat his own dick? dudes insane but idk 
Guys make sure you wear your seatbelt in case we head to the moon :). Nice to see some green in the market. Hang tight.
Welp, FOMO is happening.
Ok guys. Your last chance to get some cheap coins.
Asia please join the pump party.
[deleted]
Imagine if.. everyone just bought...and nobody sold...
I was telling a friend to buy from 2000, he waited until 19000, now he won’t talk to me. When money is involved friendships become tenuous.
$7500 done, here we go boys.
Moon time
The Bit is surging!
hang tough $7400
This little rise is a blip on the monthly chart. 
How come that xxx123abcwhatever guy never shows up when btc goes up?
My analysis is showing an [up trend towards the moon](https://imgur.com/XR7o26T)

I have been doing this for a good month now and you should trust me:

* The red line predicts the direction of the blue line (price).
* If red is above the blue, we are getting some air.

↑ 7459.64 $

BitCoin pls make it 7859.64 so we have all the numbers from 4 to 9 :D
Didn’t check for two days.  I like it 
And my green high will melt in a see of overnight red    Or
btc sub 4k is the only way for new and stable bull run
Rise you bastard. 
I don’t think this is a pump this time.  Growth looks organic for a change.  If we make it over 8k I feel like this thing is going to really heat up 
You have to love waking up to all that green in the morning! 
I am on such a hang. 
Expert opinion - Puke and Rally
Well played bitcoin xD $7456.89 xD but god its not 4567.89 ;)
another pump coming
Who did 10x buy?   He will piss his pants soon
its the stockmarket. ES futures tanking bigtime. 
We will learn a lot more when the Americans start waking up. 
Great, I am financially ruined again. Thanks guys. This makes me look bad in front of my family.
Great news, but for what ?
Experts say 12k end of the week.
People are starting to fomo...
Enjoying watching Bitcoin slowly tip toe away while many of people on the BitcoinMarkets thread are standing on the sideline waiting to haul in a load bitcoin, priced at either 2K or 3K.  Then again, I am a noob, what do I know?  I was all in on the 31st, so I have at least put my money where my noob mouth is :-)  See you all on the moon (or in goblintown).
Here comes 7500

Edit: Love those fake walls. 
$7500 failed at first attempt but Bitcoin will rise again the only question is when. Once we break $7800 watch it go.
I just set up a testnet lightning wallet with LND. This thing is so cool!
Are we really going to shit ourselves everytime Bitcoin drops $100 dollars now? You guys need to relax and learn to short.
This could get up to $15k very, very quickly! 
The slimeballs in the cartel are laying low because they were caught in the act by okex
Another fail at 7,5k. It looks like we entered in a slight correction which should last a few days. Anyway market is recovering and day trading was much easier to manage this Tuesday.
Wohoo first comment May the god of crypto now bless me with riches 
Bears are back from Easter holidays, they just get up
Which one is going to be gentlemen, the green line or the red line? 

http://oi65.tinypic.com/2m6sqyf.jpg

Will we see how deep the rabbit hole goes? Or bitcoin will be a shooting star leaping through the sky?
and so Asia sells.... Wtf Asia.  

That’s ok Asia. We do this without you. 
It either keeps going up or it goes to 6200 then goes up - maybe
We moon now?
Important point reaching around 7.6K. We need to break it, and stay around 8K consistently to come out of this short term bear trend.

https://ibb.co/e0Sgzx

If we go down from here, it is not a good news unfortunately folks...
Now that the dip is gone I’m glad I bought it. Haven’t seen that 10k never again guy in a while.  We’re probably heading past that in the next couple of days. Still good buying opportunity. 
I picked up the Nadex Bitcoin {weekly} trade 5cons thinking it will close above 7300 by EoW. 

[Stocktwits Screenshot of trade](https://stocktwits.com/Avede/message/118569557)
So if my small business starts accepting btc, how do I facilitate the transfer? 
Waiting for the next signal...
I am short at 7000. but I'm glad the price goes up ..... for the rest
Are we hungry for 7.5k?!

We should be able to reach it soon!
I love bitcoin. 
I just got up. Still the same price. This is not encouraging...
Looks like a lot of cartel bot sell orders the last hour
Buy on dips, sell on peaks.  Don't be a sucker. Hold until 8000+
[deleted]
any news??
**Come on Bulls, we want some good progress today!  Ideally above $7800**
Does anyone, even whales, know what's going on with the price last couple of months? 
Short term obstacles IMO if BTC breaks $7500 (so close) and clears $7800 we may have the start of a bull run. The next 12-24 hours should give us a clearer picture if we are heading back to $6-$6700k or and onwards to $8k and beyond.
What non-phone or non-battery powered device can I bring into a store, and pay for something with bitcoin? Is there a QR Code that gets scanned so I can pay for something much like a bank card or something? If we are moving toward not using bank MC/VISA bank cards, what is the Bitcoin version of a plastic card that can be used for face to face transactions today? And how do I get a plastic bitcoin card and does it work like a bank account?
Life lesson:  Don’t stand in the way of a stampede of bulls. 
I guess btc is going up now :) 
shit, price is going down...fast 😫😓
Yay I put a prediction that will be playing between 6.5k-7.5k and in a few weeks will go to 5.5k-6.5k I need these drops to keep happening so I can buy a whole coin too! If it goes to 4k I should have one whole coin! :) and I bought some at 16k and I'm still holding that
No it's Philokane on Bitfinex just shorted a shitload.  Or some shithead who shorted early as he still hasnt figured out how to use Fib
What is the best way to but bitcoin? I only need to buy some so I can buy something with them fairly quickly, so security is not an issue. Ideally I would like to but them using PayPal and not my actual bank account. Any advice is appreciated,  I literally know nothing about all this. Thanks 
[deleted]
Trading volume is low, due to high resistance looks like bulls doesn't want to take risk, retailers start selling on top, doesn't look good option for bulls
any news??
All these bears getting raped. Maybe we need a crisis hotline? Bears are people too right?
[removed]
I was having a debate with a skeptic earlier and I got so tilted that I blanked I couldn't argue my points. What are good arguments FOR BTC and some AGAINST USD?
Do you think the trade war will benefit or hinder Bitcoin/Crypto? 
Its Bear Trap, pretending like bull trap, It will drop badly
Is there anything bitcoin news related that is causing the green spike?
Now that the bear market is over should we be getting our family/friends etc involved?
