Daily Discussion, March 31, 2018
I wonder how many Bitcoins will be lost over the years by people dying suddenly and not having a plan for how to transfer their Bitcoin upon their death? 

Bitcoin is being naughty, bouncing up and down, up and down...
I was dreading having a look at the price this morning, thought it might be around $6-$6.5k  Was actually fairly happy with $7k, hopefully the worst is now over but the next month or so will tell us a lot. 
Can we get an Easter Miracle? May the coin gods take pity on us this Sunday 
The bull flag is breaking down. Target is $6000.
$6000 wouldn't shock me - but I also wouldn't be shocked if yesterday was the bottom. 

We could be on the way up again after coming very close to the bottom we touched in February.

I know it's fun to trade this stuff but remember the reversal gives no warning signs. Shit's unpredictable here, you think it's gonna hit $6k and then boom turns around at $6.5k and never looks back. 

Always be prepped for the price to do the opposite of what you're almost sure it'll do. 


Where can I find out how well Lightning Network is doing?
A guy over at r/btc found the dying Bcash price (sub 0.10) so irresistible, that he's bragging about selling his last 5 Bitcoin for  Bcash.

Fuck me!  Even the Bcash shills sound a bit concerned.

Ho ho!
Let the FOMO begin!
Houston we have a problem, lost all thrust on our engines.
Bras = Support


The dragons are coming boys, they're on their way.
Tonight is the night. They have approached the ship. All aboard.
According to wunderbaah, everything is FUD delete. he is only one who can post

If the downward trend continues I can buy a fiat with my lambo currency
5000 is just a breath away.
Don't know about you but I have a barbeque to deal with. I advise you all to get some fresh air for a a while. See you later, very later and very drunk.
I will hodl through this mess in honour of Hal Finney’s determination to give me/us this opportunity 
The only medication I take is freedom and super male vitality!
if u sell you have a small peepee.
Would be nice to have a few days of +20% or more.  
WTF

I went to have a nice long nap and it's still the same f**king price?
My gut is telling me to sell, indicating an upcoming trend reversal. Bullish 
Kinda glad i stopped looking at the price daily. Knowing im just going to hodl and let it do its thing for a long time is more comforting.
Bitcoin has died today on the death cross, but he shall rise again!!
lol Ver is getting [desperate](https://twitter.com/rogerkver/status/980204762044878848)
One thing is sure - when the whales have  accumulated their fill BTC is gong to bounce hard
Q: Does the hodl mindset hinder the value of btc? Should we be saving it in a ledger for moon or be involved in as many transactions as we can?
$200-$300 pump coming before nightfall
how many dips are we gonna have to go through before we get a real bull run
I actually called this dip AND acted on it for once
Easter reserection late tommorow night. Asia buys the dip hard to start the week
Jesus didn’t die for bitcoin
I don't want to spread FUD but it's time to face the facts: we may crash down to 7049.
Zzzz ..... I'm tired of seeing this 69xx - 71xx.


Showerthought:

"Bitcoin is in its puberty..."
No more girlfriend baking a bitcoin cake posts. you know how people truly feel despite they pretend to be bullish.
$7k is actually still relatively expensive if you think about it. Remember just a year ago, Bitcoin was still under $1k. Even if it drops all the way down to $2k it would have doubled in 1 year, that's a huge price increase. 
Congratulations. All the optimism you had two or three hours ago is easily down the drain again. :)
Breaking: Kids easter money wasnt enough to save bitcoin
Whoa!!
Remember last Saturday?  Calm flat market in the morning, then wham!  

btc is contrarian, say <month> is moon, and it dips, news report end of times, it rises
I had a feeling that the slow descent should not be able to breach the support we had in the 6k 's if the freefall we had in Jan was unable to do it. 
To be honest, I don't trust this uptrend. I'd love to trust it, I want the price to go up. I have no fiat left to invest. But I've seen something like this before.

It's called a bear flag. And I'm afraid, we have to weather one more crash before the price can really recover...

If you're thinking long term, it's a good price to get in anyway.
What happened to hourly chart since CME opened?
Cannot tell if today was good or bad day for Bitcoin. Is there even a point in selling THIS low? Why not buy and hold? This a long run game. Am I missing something? I am still noob after all. 
Michigan and nova look btc worthy 
doing that thing when it flatlines and either dips like crazy or moons
[deleted]
We want bitcoin
Not a sore and itchy groin
And q1 is gone, why it feels like an eternity. 
I find it funny how Bitcoin's price did the exact same as the stock market price of BTC related companies lol. Only it took 4 months for the coin to settle this low whereas BTC stock companies crashed out in 1-2 months. The stock market wipes you out quick. I'm down 60%. The BTC stocks I traded like MGTI, HSSHF, BTCS all had crazy volatility like Bitcoin has had these 3-4 months before they stagnated down to a new low. This is why I was telling people to hold out on buying at 8-9k but no I'm spreading FUD.
Get ready boys, btc price is about to skyrocket with all the people who gave up crypto for lent rushing the market!!
I've been reading the main threads lately and just LOL. Can we move these to 'opinion pieces'?
I'm working on a little windows application that allows you to import trade histories from anywhere. I could use some feedback if anyone is interested to try it (free & no ads).

I made a post here: https://redd.it/88ixik

You can also check my *primitive* website: www.cryptotrademanager.org


Anyone considered going long on quilts?
Won't be surprised if it goes to 5.5K
Bottom found at $6600 with normal growth since and without a pump this morning as of yet.
[removed]
Buy now
whoever is holding this thing down gotta be getting tired lol
Just your daily dose of bulltrapazole. 
The buy wall at 6.5k on kraken is legendary.
I am truly sorry to all of those who dedicate their time to spreading FUD, things are about to get dark for you.
Decent volume..7.5k by tomorrow. Everything seems good. Need some bullish news next week
Hodlgang checking in anybody else think the coinmastery guy Carter Thomas is a complete sell out I loved his videos now I believe he has no btc 
[removed]
Why are there half a million sell orders for 0.00035360 btc on poloniex. What are they up too?
Not to mention nearly all sell orders are in the 1 to 2 dollar range.
Finally bought my way up to 1 full BTC ! now all what BTC needs to do is to get its shit together and show me why I was right ! 
[deleted]
Very interesting take on bitcoin value relative to the others from an institutional investor. He essentially believes it’s very difficult to predict future value of utility tokens because gas prices may get close to marginal cost but bitcoin market cap could be trillions: https://medium.com/john-pfeffer/an-institutional-investors-take-on-cryptoassets-690421158904
Hey! Where can I buy bitcoin from with debit card without any verification? I was purchasing from coinbase but there are some issues with my card saying that merchant is not supporting the transaction. Also I purchased from blockchain.info and I have no limits there either.

Thanks!
With BTC daily active users is whats need most for the price to go back up. There is plenty of attention on BTC right now but in terms of actual daily users I dont think much has changed in the past 6 months. 

The price had to come back down from 19k.  As you have the mass sell orders from mt gox coinciding with bad new about fraud and potential regulation of crypto, the price started to drop. Now so many people are just chanting  HODL not realizing it's contributing to the falling price. As a huge portion of the owned BTC is not moving around. It's going to be A long summer. I think we still haven't seen the bottom of this pit.
Yeah. If you have gains you'll be taxed if you're in the US
ooops. Here we go. Hopefully the last crash for now...

Not crashing enough. Still inside the bear flag...

Completion of the pattern would be around 6000.
ELI5: I use $100 to acquire .1 Bitcoin. 6 months later, .1 Bitcoin can be sold for $1000. I use the .1 Bitcoin to purchase a product worth $1000. 

Ignoring any standard purchase taxes (Sales, Luxury, etc) do I incur additional tax obligations?

There you go again 
https://diegorod.github.io/WillMcAfeeEatHisOwnDick/
New to bitcoin. I purchased a substantial amount through simplex and bitcoin.com. Via credit card. Payment went through, yet nothing in wallet yet. It’s been 3 days. Wtf? Pls help!!
aaaaaaaaaand goodbye 6666.66 buy wall
With this little volume we will see 6k 
These are great prices
This is the end.
Everyone please sell. You're wasting your time. Bitcoins dead.
Steady Rise to 10k by the end of april. We found the bottom
How many people here think bitcoin price was never a bubble?
[deleted]
We're now moving within the borders of a triangle formed by two major trendlines. Bounced on 4H MACD trendline, which is good, and 1D RSI is rising without having hit the oversold area first, which is so-so. I got half-in @6850, hoping we could break the upper border soon. If we don't, I won't sell and I'll be ready to buy more at whatever level this thing wants to go.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/GXpGHueR

https://www.tradingview.com/x/14zSuV4I

https://www.tradingview.com/x/Ot66IEF9

https://www.tradingview.com/x/GpWbWDtY

https://www.tradingview.com/x/xtlSjryl/


Shit, made a thousand dollars today - what the fuck is going on?

(I actually have a theory, but I won't post it or I'll get crit.)
I’m resisting the temptation to buy. We are still trending down hard and I think I can buy lower. Anyone with me? 
[deleted]
BTC is still very cheap at 7100.  I think this thing will jump very soon.
Buy hodl repeat. Its that easy Doesnt make sense discussing the price, it has been down since January, so expect the price to continue to go down and buy on the way to the bottom but don't invest more than you are willing to lose. Its that easy. Dont get caught up in all the hype about the price because if you are in it for the money then the lower the price the better. 
It's that quilt I bought!
OMG
Is it true if I mention even names of alts this sub will ban me? Lol 
Small dip to 6900. Bump pump to 7350
Are lightening nodes (still?) getting attacked or DDOS’d? Is there a fix in place or ideas for that issue?
down resistance is not broken, so time to see some upper spike
[deleted]
I would love to see a slow bleed to 5k before a rebound 
People ask me "hows the coin doing I don't hear you talking about it as much." And I tell them "well when the coin went from $1000 to $19,000 and I tried to tell you guys to invest and you were to afraid, so what sense does it make to try and convince you to invest when the price is going down." 
With the $7k hover for almost 24h, I think it’s possible we’ve reached the bottom.
The U.S are a bunch of cowards, historically they have just dumped not pumped, so dont count on it...the introduced the futures CME which caused this whole fiasco...the U.S as whole just waits for the rest of the market to pump so they dump, free loading bunch
GET THOSE ASSHOLES READY FOR A MASSIVE RED DILDO!!!
Attention all coiners: when buying or selling on any exchange, please do not use market orders. Instead, place a limit order slightly ABOVE the current price. This will cause the market to increase even if you are buying or selling. If enough of us do this, the markets will naturally increase and the whales (BANKSTERS) will loose. Remember, 30k by June! To the moon!
Well it’s been fun trollin’ but I’m getting bored now. How the heck have I not been banned? Are there any mods actually here?

For the record Lambos are overrated. AbleLeg has the right idea with his Ferraris. Be like him.

Peace!
If the block header miners are working on is a hash Merkel root of the transactions in said block then are miners refreshing their block header every so often (within said block time frame) as new transactions are broadcast? 
[deleted]
Ohhhohhhoohhohh, new drop, waiting for 100$. Just want to end this motherfucking bear market.
So what event do you guys think has to happen or will happen to make btc shoot back up?
According to my information sources Someone bought huge amount of btc when it dropped below of 7k, thats why prices jumped sharply after crossing the down town border of 7K
[removed]
