Daily Discussion, March 17, 2018
I'm going to hodl some vodka. Anyone with me?
Folks, seeing some of your posts makes me wonder what you would have been posting a few years ago when Bitcoin was not doing that great.  Try and learn some patience. 
Bogdanov, he bought the DIP ...
Guys, what was it like? To be in the bullish market? I got in at the start of the bears. What does happiness feel like?
In the spirit of optimism, I just bought some BTC 


I wish there was a chat stream on GDAX so I could write *Bulltrap!*

What is the opposite of to the moon? 
I bet bitcoin will always stay above $7k

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

Please
I noticed bitcoin drops and along with it, alts.  Bitcoin goes back up and alts still hanging...  i think someone or a mass is trying to kill altcoins.

Or setting up for a future pump n dump of all alts.
I am thinking to open a bitcoin bar, literally naming it “The Bitcoin Bar”, where people can drink and discuss. There will be Enigma style music, big tv screens giving live price coverages, forecasts and good and bad news. What do you guys think about it ? I need serious advice. Thanks
The people who want to buy have no money. 
So according to the death cross we're entering Valhalla.

https://www.tradingview.com/x/smnu97No

Actually I'd like to share a pint with Jarl Borg.
not even monday yet already dumps after dumps, this is def not bottom
If you're going through hell... Keep going. 
FUCK SHIT FUCK SHIT FUUUUUCLCKCKCKKC SHOTITITITBDBEHJEBD
time to dumb it

8k bitcoin like - https://imgur.com/a/tcohD
I feel bad for everyone who is struggling with bitcoin prices atm, but it also feels so good to prove those twitter self-proclaimed bitcoin experts that they don't know shit about what they are talking about. 
The Mtgox guy just woke up with a really bad hangover:
 goodbye $8000

Ir really keeps knocking.  Close to 8K... then a pump... then dump... rinse, repeat... then someone says "battle stations," then we all grab our ankles... what a sick, cosmic joke.
Since there isnt new money in bitcoin at the moment its bleeding the alts little by little the past 3 months ..the die hard alt holders eventually sell and there a little more bitcoin to be sucked up and this tend will continue until alts are fiat paired large bitcoin holders know this and using this game well.. this is my personal opinion at this moment.
the #cleansing
We went from 6k and flew up to 11k right? I know just because it happened once does not mean it will happen again but the gloom and doom in here seems almost intentional. 
Binance CEO tweeted the markets will bottom soon or something of the sorts, but promptly deleted it. Am I crazy or did someone else also catch this


Anyone got a screen shot on twitter?? =(


https://imgur.com/a/YOazf
Okay so here's the thing, the market looks grim right now but I have a lot of hope for the future. Major investors would agree about this, specifically the investors in lightning. I am super excited to have a lightning wallet app on my phone, a true digital "bank" account. This is seriously one of the most exciting things to enter the bitcoin space in a long time. Though a lot of people are naysayers about lightning, saying the tech is too hard to understand. Here's the thing though, people don't need to know how the tech works. Do you think the average person even understands how the internet works? Nope, and as long as you build an user interface around a strong system that has a utility then people will use it. So with that said I cannot wait to send my friends money for beers through the lightning network and see where this all takes us!
If I was hoping bitcoin price would be low this weekend so I could add to my hodlings, then why I am terrified bitcoin is low this weekend? Wtf emotions
The price is waiting for G20 news
Do somethingggg
aaand it's gone.
As to *why* isn't of much consequence and would only be contentious, but I'm not really worried about the current situation. 
Current crash.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H07zYvkNYL8
Hodlers how they feel about bitcoin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee925OTFBCA
Freefall time yet? My tether is getting an itchy trigger finger.
todays market song. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipanM9TwPeU
You also run the risk of noobs being regulars and flipping their shit every day they come in and bugging the shit out of you
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/drama] [r\/Bitcoin is panicking over Bitcoin dropping harder than a suicidal crypto-dealer.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Drama/comments/855vgr/rbitcoin_is_panicking_over_bitcoin_dropping/)

&nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*
[deleted]
Coinbase/GDAX is pure BS. Why would they clear bank deposit for that long as a whole week and it's still pending? I think Gemini concept is much better since they allow you trade right away and block withdrawals until deposit is cleared. It makes much more sense...
Hands are shaking, hour X is getting closer
Is there a site that still tracks days destroyed?
I'm going to bed. Make sure to save those tulip bulb posts for me.
Bitcoin, I command thee, RISE!

Guys if you want to be optimistic start looking into the applications being built on layer two solutions like lightning.  When i started investing it was not all about the potential gains.  It was more about the new type of economy/applicatoins its creating.  Mind boggling stuff and highly educational.  just awesome.  Total crypto market cap of 350 billion is a joke compared to what could be created with this technology.  
Hodl me.
[deleted]
oh yesss from 7.8 to 7.9 ! to the moon,to the moon with lambo !
Since McAfee predicted $1 million per BTC, the price has never dipped below the value of steady growth. It has been 300% above. Now it is less than 10% above. We are still on track.

https://fnordprefekt.de
Thank god I sold at 9.8k when it was going down. That HODL shit only works if you bought early as hell or if you have balls of fucking grade A steel 
cya at 7k bois
next two weeks 6-6.5 incoming
https://diegorod.github.io/WillMcAfeeEatHisOwnDick/
hodl......lol...btc is in downtread,big downtread.....
wales loves hodl......
Getting to buy territory again....
Now I understand, "Never invest what you can't lose".

Waiting to decipher, "The best time to buy is when there's blood on the streets."
Anymore of them 7k bitcoin man...
What are the total costs for mining 1 bitcoin at the moment?
Hello . I hope the bullish trend of the weekend will take place on Sunday. if it happens .... a little patience can be ..?
MTGOX NEWS .
https://news.bitcoin.com/the-mt-gox-whale-explains-his-crypto-selling-strategy/

without affecting the market? ..
Who puts up Bitcoin ATMs and how can I get them to put some up around where I live? I hate going through my bank to buy crypto because every time I make a purchase on Coinbase, I’m always anxiously anticipating the email from my bank that says “We’ve closed your account.”
We're good folx. Just gotta wait for them Toy R Us Kids to realize they don't have to grow up yet if they invest in Bitcoin with us.
I'd like to buy the dip with PayPal money, anywhere i can? 
where are the tulip bulb posts?
Down she goes in a sea of red. If the greedy day traders would just hold for a couple weeks, this industry might recover. Shorts are making a killing at the expense of it all. What are they gonna do when it amounts to no more than a topic in a game of Trivial Pursuit? Probably nothing because they'll have nothing to short. 
So what caused the crash to $7.5k? I didn't see any bad news. 
It could be lower than 5k, sorry guys. 
Hypothetically, how would you all feel if bitcoin never went over 10k again, and be honest. Not trying to spread FUD as I don’t think this will happen but I’m just curious of the mindset here
The Titanic is sinking! run for your lives!
Think the game is over. Starting to ask myself why do we need crypto again? A dollar is a dollar. Hardly get scammed using a visa card or transacting with my bank. The system we have works. Blockchain will survive but I think crypto is dead. No reason for coins especially bitcoin. Up and down prices, high fees and slow transactions. I feel sorry for all the companies that accepted crypto. Wonder how many are going to go out of business.
Going down to 4-5K then will have a bounce to 7-9K only to go back down to 1-2K. Will take time but this is a gradual bubble burst with a few bull traps. But keep buying that “dip”. 
A crash in slow motion. 

Can we please go down to 6000 now? So I can buy a little more. And after that only up? So I can feel good about it.
Every time it dips we just get rid of the weak that would be bad for the market with their panic investing anyways
Okey, i'm ready for the moon now pls.
Capitulation ending. Despair in 3....2....
I hope that Bitcoin’s scalability issues are resolved one of these days, for good. I would very much like to walk into a store or restaurant and pay with Bitcoin but I’m afraid that eventually, that honor may go to Nano or something. 
I just bought some more boys. We going to the moon tomorrow !!!!
Damn this is an attractive price. Be greedy when others are fearful, and fearful when others are greedy. 
Hi I’m drunk as a mofo and would like to see bitcoin above 8k. Please oblige thank. You 
I expect world leaders at G20 to come to a consensus of "do no harm" to Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency. There is no better solution for them, in terms of governments regulating Cryptocurrency. 

If they try to regulate it too much and put it in a box, they will miss out on all the advantages that blockchain technology can bring to the modern world. The benefits of this technology, have not yet been fully realised. A "do no harm" approach is necessary as the technology needs time to mature. It would be wise to support its growth, instead of attack it.
Doubt many who say they are hodling actually are. If you hodl then why even check the price and come to the forums? Take a break and come back a year from now. I'm just waiting for it to hit 5k to buy back in. I hate losing money so hodl is not for me.
I am very saddened by this crash because I know so many teenagers who invested into crypto with their college funds during december/january rush and now they have nothing left.
My advice to you, please get out of crypto if you have families and children to feed. this is the game of whales and greediness and they will steal all your money and unless you are a very early investor, they will send you onto the streets. Cryptocurrency can be compared to religion. religion for centuries was used to control population and enslave them. Cryptocurrency is used by few hundred people who own half of btc that manipulate the market in a way where regular people have a delusional hope that one day they will get rich so you put money into crypto using loans, credit cards, mortgaging houses. Banks overseen it and now they try to ban it. Dont excluse the odds of that whales know each other are high and together they can easily nullify  the market to take all your money leaving you broke. Once the market becomes worthless the cycle repeats. people please get out now the market CAN crash to 3k or below and it is inevitable because it is not decided by the world, its decided by few people.  I was a victim of bitcoin scam too. i invested 10k into trx  when it was 24 cents and 2k into ela at 90$ and icx 35k satoshi and now I am broke. I just have 1500$ left from 12k and I will aknowledge my losses and get into real regulated market. there are much better markets out there where you are fully protected. my wife invested into shopify last year her stocks went from 35$ to 190$ and it will only grow. no market manipulation whatsoever. stop feeding the whales please. blockchain is the future, I agree. however i believe when institutions step in, it will be regulated but they will use  their own network rather than the corrupted btc and this is why btc can one day just disappear.
[deleted]
[deleted]
What do you guys think about the future of bitcoin? And what is fueling your optimism?
Cheer up guys we are somewhere at the point of depression https://wdongli.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/cycle_of_market_emotions_page_1.jpg

Brace yourself!
Hang in there guys! https://www.forbes.com/sites/chuckjones/2018/03/17/chart-shows-bitcoin-hitting-91000-by-march-2020/#2364550242e6
It seems bitcoin is no longer following the usual trends.  We should be way up by now at this point in the weekend.   The trend line before the google news would have had us at 11.5k by March 20th. That google ad ban  really hurt the market.  Now I feel it will take longer.  I am definitely hodling though. These whales will not get my hard earned bitcoin no matter what.   If I had any fiat left I’d be buying this like a mofo right now.   Bitcoin has its ups and downs and right now we are down, but we’ll be back up eventually. If this was a shitcoin I’d be worried right now.  But it’s bitcoin so we’ll be fine. Just have to have patience. Hang in there hodlers. 
lol bitcoin scaring off investors
Maybe this price decline will kill off some of the trash alts that people wasted money on.
lol I think I'm done with crypto. Until I see the 24hr charts show a -20% then I don't think I'm buying.
Don't worry boys, bitcoin will hit $91k by March 2020

https://www.forbes.com/sites/chuckjones/2018/03/17/chart-shows-bitcoin-hitting-91000-by-march-2020/#79a3782942e6
Goodness, these pumps and dumps are becoming so predictable.... thanks for dragging out the inevitable another few hours... who in the F is going along with these things?
I dropped only $200 at 8100. If I lose, oh well.
If it goes up, oh well.
It’s only $200. Yolo
Its so cool buying btc at 7900!! Thank you weak hands!
Quote of the day " 1 Bitcoin always = 1 Bitcoin" 
With all of the shitcoins out there right now, I’m surprised Brian Peppers Coin doesn’t exist 
Super glad I pulled out of this shitty market.
Side note. The Mt. Gox selling effected prices. How much is debatable. However regardless of where it was sold OTC or not,  it would have effected prices negatively to some degree. 

My FIRM belief is that all the banks worldwide that issue credit cards pressured Visa, MasterCard, Maestro, etc. to issue huge cash advance fees when buying crypto. 

When that didn’t slow anything down they decided to ban crypto purchases all together with their Credit Cards. One by one, bank by bank, country by country. Don’t expect any banking collusion charges as that’s a fruitless tree with all the $’s in politicians pockets worldwide.

Do any exchanges even allow CC purchases anymore? Answer is Yes. However so few bank-backed credit cards allow it now that the majority of crypto purchase transactions are denied. The Exchanges big challenge right now is to get a denied newbie purchaser with credit card to instead link their “safe and secure” banking info to this new investment platform that they likely have little knowledge of. 

Exchanges still try to execute CC purchases since a few still allow it, but it’s not likely to go through. This will effect exchanges worldwide over course of next year or so when they must overlap prior year sales and fees collected. Likely expanded their services and company due to huge growth but now their incremental fee they all loved so much in 2017 has disappeared. Exchanges biggest challenge this very second is replacing ridiculous credit card fee income from last year into “trust”. Trust that a person can purchase without giving a complete business stranger their Social Security #, their banking info, etc.

As mentioned before “they”(Banking and CC Industry)realized short term they were reaping HUGE rewards, but long-term subsidizing their own demise. 

What business would want to accept Credit Cards at 2.9% if crypto is less than 1%?  Most people don’t even realize credit card fees are retail businesses’’ #1 expense BY FAR! Not even close. More than payroll, utilities, and miscellaneous business expenses COMBINED for a small retail establishment. Very few purchases in cash.

It’s built into their COGS but regardless if they can sell their goods and get instant payment, and pay 80% less on fees on their largest monthly business expense....well, that’s a no brainer. 

Until exchanges make it easier to buy crypto like it was with credit cards late last year, crypto will struggle. NO ONE wants to have an exchange(with no backing of govt) linked to their personal checking or savings. And until this dilemma is fixed, crypto will float at current prices or drop much more due to diminished “executable demand”(demand may be there but too many hoops to jump through by new investors or too much risk tying your personal banking info to exchanges by new investors). Many will just invest in stock market backed securities through their stock fortfolio at Fidelity, Schwaab, Ameritrade, etc. WHICH IS WHAT THE FINANCIAL INDUSTRY WANTS!!! 
Bitcoin might go down as being the nerds beanie baby.
Weekend dip starting?
Question: I took my bitcoin off the exchange and put it into a mycelium wallet. 
1. What is a good segwit wallet to transfer to, 
2. Is segwit part of that smaller transactions fees, Lighting Network bag? 
3. What else is segwit good for?
[removed]
What's going on?  it is the Death Cross ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypWF5jzVd58
What do you folks think of the possibility that instead of buying Bitcoin, many have now switched to mining to DCA their coins, which has caused exponential growth in hashrate, and those mined coins are replacing what would have been bought previously, thus lowering the volume?

This in mind would have a significant impact on things increasing volume a great deal once the halvening occurs, what are your thoughts?

I only ask because this is exactly what I did. Instead of buying and DCA'ing, I thought I'd start a small mining operation with what I was prepared to lose instead of just buying it outright.
[If only someone knew which way the price was going to move ...](https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/852ofv/what_a_manipulated_market_looks_like/)
I'd like to take this time to remind you of this daily discussion thread on [February 5th, 2018](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7vgij0/daily_discussion_february_05_2018/). Everybody sounds like they do today.
Critical question about Lightning:

Let's say Alice and Bob have Lightning wallets running on their mobile phones. They created a channel with funds. They are online in different locations.

How are their wallets going to connect to make a lightning transaction?
Question:  Why is there pretty consistently a $30 to $40 dollar spread in the spot price between GDAX and other exchanges (e.g. Bittrex, Binance, etc.)

Is this reflecting the difference between a USD market and a USDT market?
Bitcoin to 50% of the total market cap after End of the March!

Cheers in advance :D

[deleted]
Theres jus no buyers... sell bots stack a 200 coin $50 spread and just make a wall/scare loose hands that sell.. while they stack there buys so low.. and then raise the price by buying a few coins at market..
now what?
damn a couple of big walls are getting devoured 
Total market cap for all of crypto is below $300 billion now.
[Israel Closer to BTC Support](https://cointelegraph.com/news/israel-steps-toward-cryptocurrency-support)
First realize that my guess is speculative as anybody's. Nonetheless, I think this will go down to like the 6k range, the range that some whale pumped it up from in Feb. 2018, and then the same or a new whale will pump it up again. Having said that, I feel like a blind man telling you about the color green.
Here's to hoping this is the double bottom some people were calling. Sold a long position at $8.2k last night and came back this evening seeing things dipping into the mid $7k to no surprise. If the speculation is true, then we may see a bounce from $6k. No guarantees. Let's brace ourselves in the meantime!
Is there ongoing regulations or something atm? Any Gov't interference in this very moment?  Any event that cause this non stop selling?
What's wrong with that?  Is that Pow? I think Etherem should go to Pos, maybe tomorrow Bitcoin will go to Pos, then to the moon?
Is it ever gonna crawl back to what was estimated in December 2017?
Any site to see the buy and sell volume separately for different exchanges for BTC?
I drink pepsi cola now
Looking at the Nasdaq bubble and then crash, it took just under 1.5 years for the cycle to complete, and 15 years to get past its bubble high.
http://www.fedprimerate.com/nasdaq-history-chart.gif
Crypto seems to move at about 4x the speed with its bubble-crash happening in only 3 month ish.  1-5 years of trading sideways seems very possible, however even at 5 years buying in now and holding is still likely a excellent return, and I think my outlook could be seen as un-optimistic.


looks like we are dropping again, another pump that got no where.
This is the sell off before the G20
Only 11 more months until Chinese new year 2019! Just keep HODLing boys!!!
Worst 3 months of crypto. Ever 
Loving this downward trend. Hopefully it continues for a few weeks/months. I may be overly optimistic, but I think the dip is going to be at about $3,500. If it reaches that I plan to buy as much as possible and HODL. 
I rented 10k reals two months ago to invest em crypto current and in the first week I had almost 20k reals, but I didn’t sell and now I have 1554$. Now I only have to waiting for the prices increase again.
I know i should sell now and get out before this thing bottoms out, and trust me, it is. but, I am hodling until this bitch sinks. 
Guys all you have to do to get the price to rise is to get new people into bitcoin. Promise them that they will get a Lamborghini if they just HODL for a year or two. This gets people to buy so I can continue to buy Low and sell high. Thank you 
G20 decison. Chinese New Year. Lightning network coming online. Mt. Gox has finished dumping.

We're looking at 30K by April I guarantee.
Ahhahahahaha!!
Would it make sense to close down all Bitcoin trading over the weekends? 
Solid double bottom rainbow
[deleted]
Whew!  That pump almost FOMO'd me right in the rear!  I turned off the computer and started watching a Jackie Chan movie to get my mind off it... I come back, just in time to see the fart leak out of the balloon!
[deleted]
Seems bitcoin plays this routine few more months it will bleed all Alts to basically nothing. master plan maybe?
I'll have you all know that [**this**](https://www.beermenus.com/places/13233-the-hodle-tavern) is where I'm drinking tonight.
So much doom and gloom. Of course the price is going to tank 
24 hour volume is so low
Anyone have an idea what time the talks usually begin/end at the G20 summit?
Now own .01 of a bitcoin. Hope it's worth something one way 😅
It's a "death cross", sell or dive what's your advice?
US will wake up and save us all
not having money looks not so bad, but please stay this low bitcoin at least 3 months-
I like how it goes down. You know why? look at GDAX and unzoom tradewalls. I remember when on Septemer, there was only 3k btc buy orders now its almost 15k. We need to burn these wannabe traders. PUSH IT EVEN LOWER PLS!
About 4-5 days from the death cross (50 day and 200 day moving average cross).  Hopefully it's short lived with a rally onto a golden cross and we GO FUCKING MOON BOUND BOISSSSSSSS..

edit: [here's my beautiful chart](https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/9fwVVqWP-Death-BTC/)
Watch this.. bullish MACD 1H chart
hey hodlers are you enjoing you money getting burnt? btc is in a downtrend, big since dec 17, save your savings..sell,sell now....

how long do you think it will take for people that bought right now to realize it was a bad idea? 15 min or 30 min 
Why I sold today....

Banks don't want us right now. Why? They must be in control. That's why no banker ever went to jail, but a bitcoin early founder/user did. Banks rule the world.

Banks are going to do everything they can to crash Bitcoin, so they can control the narrative that crypto is bad. Barclays and several other banks were found guilty of rigging the LIBOR rate, or exchange rate, for profits. IN the case of Crypto, they can't. 

Banks are inherently dishonest (like politicians) however they all work within the same set of rules, and because of that, actually trust each other's dishonesty.

So, they want this to fail so they can create their own crypto or own blockchain. Imagine if Chase said 'backed by blockchain technology' vs 'backed by Bitcoin'. 

So right now, any competition to banks will be met with swift regulation, fear, justice, and dominating the narrative. They will have their top people create the crash on purpose, and I expect it to sink far below 6k.
Think Crypto as a whole is in huge trouble. Not that crypto is bad but the big banks and governments want to control it.  The worse part is that they know the Dow is at an all time high bubble and when that goes it brings the world down with it.
Feels like it's never coming back up.
Prepare your fiat cannons!

Buy signal is around 6600. Maybe a little above that, so you don't miss the opportunity.
[removed]
ITS GOING DOWN EVERYBODY, SELL NOW AND BUY BACK IN IN A FEW DAYS, THEN HOLD FOR ITS REBOUND!

EDIT: Really didn't think I'd have to say this, but this is sarcasm.
The Bitcoin USD price has been soft the last few days but hasn't really crashed. What would be the price point that would make you rethink your holding of Bitcoin as a good idea? Is there one?
[deleted]
looks like the bear trend could take years
[deleted]
start green during few hours

The humain nature is insane, the Bitcoin price is now under the mining price. It will not stay below 7K for long after testing the February low. My only 2 cents.
8k is getting ready to be broken. What's your guess on the bottom? 6k? 5k? worse then that and ugg. Have my tether waiting but with the amount of scams in Crypto I'm sure they will vanish any day. The last 14 ICOS I went in where all scams. 
Hey fellow HODLers, I’ve been in the crypto community for about a year now and I am so thankful from how much I have learned. 

That being said, we want to give back.  This week we launched the first all-in-one, quick read, crypto newsletter, Blockchain Brew.  

The purpose is to bring the most important crypto headlines to you before you finish your cup of coffee.☕️

Sign up for free at TheBlockchainBrew.com:)

Thanks in advance guys😊
I think one last time we go back to  €6,8k tonight before we go to €6,1k - €5,8k freefall to  €4k or €3k and shoot back up to €5k - €6k where it will stay for 5-7 weeks. In the process lots of ICOs wont survive. Starting a slow new bullrun. Thoughts on this guess?
[removed]
[deleted]
Does anyone here know how to post short sound-bytes?

E.g.  You could post sound of toilet flushing when markets dumps.  Or other sounds to reflect when it pumps and dumps.  I mean, wouldn't that be great?
Im sorry I actually did this guys. I made a buy for 500 usd worth and that was it, tanked. Sorry.. will give warning next time ;) and you're welcome for the flash sale.
the dow is going to be an absolute blood bath when it opens on Monday
