Daily Discussion, March 05, 2018
I'm actually in love with this slow and steady climb. 
The volume has been stupid low on gdax the last few days. Been sketching me out
Bitcoin starts the week up to $11,425 showing steady if unremarkable growth from the $10,970 it was valued at on Friday afternoon, according to Coinbase's data. Looking at it week-on-week though, that's a rise of 11.43 percent and a huge increase of 27.92 percent on this time last month.


Chipping away at that 11.5k wall, it'll break on the next big push. 
let the fomo begin.
Do we agree that the resistance target is at 11800-12000, once we break that we are sailing
Don't worry be happy second edition. Just have to wait to enjoy, all is fine with our friend BTC.
Just a quick reminder for everyone. Just over 2 months ago bitcoin was at around 19k. Two months before that bitcoin was at around 9k. We can go up as quickly as we can go down, we have almost recovered from the crash. This year will be incredible for bitcoin! We are only $7.5k away from the ATH. We have gone just over $5.5k since the recent crash. Knowing this, if the bullish run continues we will see a new ATH in the coming month. 
OK, who pressed the up button on the elevator?
Well, totally wrong about the DOW and BTC seems to be doing ok. 
Got past $11,500...
I just tethered up, now time to sit back and play my favorite Tom Petty song
If BTC flat lines, the 200 Day Moving average will gain about 35 points a day for the next 60 days based on the back end loss.
I would freak if we cracked 12k
great, last time with money bitcoin was at 19k, next time with money bitcoin again at 19k-
the walls are too strong
If it stays above 11k im very pleased. 
Monday morning technical analysis report just in: We have a classic Upsy Downsy pattern forming. Hodl on to your butts.
fuck it im tired of waiting im all in again boys. we gon break 11.8 today
At this point I figure Bitcoin is kinda like sex.
As soon as I think I've figured out the rhythm it changes on me.
That and it costs me 100 bucks a night......
God the community has so much drama. From Cobra to Bcash to Luke to Craigtoshi Scamamoto. And they say girls are such drama queens. Never seen such a whiny bunch since Vinny lingham et Al. IDK what's going on.
Wow huge wall now at $11,500 on GDAX.
What a battle. 
seems like NVT ratio is a bit high. think price will drop in a bit
Which mobile wallet for iOS do people enjoy using?
Last 2-3 days was 'The Battle For Eleven-Three'. Today it's 'The Battle For Eleven-Five'. Forward troops! 
The Bitcoin personal package archive for ubuntu has been updated to 0.16 at ppa:bitcoin/bitcoin.

https://launchpad.net/~bitcoin/+archive/ubuntu/bitcoin
well okay bitcoin
we are going to trigger so many alarms 
meh, the selling volume is not even that high. Last time it was triple the amount of the current selling volume.
the calm before the storm 
Carter Thomas was spot on today. The people who moved the price from $6k to $11k were likely those who've been in the crypto space a while and not newbs. There just isn't a lot of excitement materializing into new sign-ups on Coinbase that we saw back in December. Even Youtube activity is slowing down among the crypto Youtubers.  

The solution? We've gotta get right back to talking about cryptos with our family, friends. I personally have no more holidays where I'll be meeting with family and relatives for at least 2 months, so I can see this being tricky to pull off for many in America alone.
"...bots are a threat to the crypto markets and to this democracy !" 
- Abraham Lincoln, speech to Congress July 27, 1863
[deleted]
It appears the last spike was due to a total of 50 BTC buy orders on Bitstamp @ around 12:06 UTC. Other exchanges didn't seem to react though.
Key resistance at 11,600 according to CD 
https://www.coindesk.com/make-or-break-level-bitcoin-pauses-at-key-resistance/
What do you think of jumping in now, is it too late? Are there extenuating factors that suggest a fall?
Some idiot decided it'd be funny to stick 109 btc for sale at 11.5 on gdax. :(
I smell something fishy.
Take down the wall!!!!
lol what a fight
[deleted]
Recently had a colleague refer to me with the same vitriol he usually reserves for runners.

"Shut up about Bitcoin already. Always with you it's 'bitcoin bitcoin bitcoin!' You sound like one of those damned marathoners, all you can talk about is how far you ran today, and what you're eating to prepare for tonight's run, and how great running is."

Not sure how I feel about this.
dow jones doing well.
Came to this subreddit to see people getting excited about more exchanges moving to segwit with Kraken and Nanex announcing adoption and lowered fees after Coinbase and Binance but there is not even a thread on it, weird. 
what's the best way to send from Exodus to a new Ledger S Nano to start a wallet? directly from exodus or going through gdax or something else? 
in the road to 11700
Ellen talking about bitcoin just aired today? I thought it was a few weeks back.  
what the fud?
Oh Bitcoin, you are one *hilarious* mothafucka.
All I see is the same people saying dump and FUD. These are the same people that complained when it was going up and they were panicked. 
Do you guys see bitcoin going back to ATH? 
Am I the only one experiencing a glitch on gdax? I'm kind of freaking out right now 
Seems to be settling off and leveling. 
what do you people think is the next resistance level?
To me it looks like bulls are trying to buy as many btc at this low price. I think it is a good sign. There is a good support level, and they stir it up every now and then so that you would get FOMO and buy it back at higher price :)

Why can't the US Marshals just dump $25 Million worth of bitcoins in coinbase instead of holding an auction that costs $200,000 to participate lol?
lol this always happens when bitcoin hits 11.7k
Now would be a good buying opportunity...
Annnnddd... We're back to 'The Battle For Eleven-Three'...
I expect 12k today.
[deleted]
brave souls whoever is buying now 
Take out all money in but coin and buy TESLA 
If bitcoin breaks 12k in the next twenty-four hours, I'll get gender reassignment surgery.
I hope we don't keep bouncing between 11,100 and 11,500 all day. I'm on edge as it is...
We don't want to move past $11,500, come on people!
What the hell...
Okay. I'm back.
Altcoins blood bath will continue boys...hodl
I begin to wonder what's so scary to BTC beyond the 11.5K barrier.
what do y'all think bitcoin will do next?
cost 0
I wonder if this has anything to do with the sudden 150 point jump...
https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2018-03-05/paypal-files-patent-virtual-currency-transaction-system
Anyone else notice a bunch of non-full blocks getting mined while the mempool still has several thousand transactions? Wondering if the mining pools put back into place the satoshi/byte requirements that make the mempool continue to grow.
estimate time to reach 17M of btc?
17M coins X 12000 = Mucho money ;)
Has anybody heard about CPChain, any thoughts? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeV6B2pbmqE&t=1s
btc dominance goes up yet the total cmc marketcap is goes down are people just dumping alts back into btc?
Seems like a whale is taking a dump again...
Welp that buy order at €9300 got filled extremely fast..
Buy the top now boys and hold my bag for me
I am holding on to some losses from January and February purchases and want to invest a little more in BTC. When do you think would be a good time? Is there another major dip expected? Any whales around here to answer my question?
Me: cool, out @11500, in @11200 \*pats his back\*

BTC: now watch me go down by 1K, lol! rotfl! n00b!
It seems that every time it hits 11.6k area the price tanks over and over again :(
LOL. Same shit all over again.
higher lows... higher lows...
Pretty neat web app to track cryptocurrency holdings:
[CoinCab.io](https://coincab.io)
BUNCH OF WHORES!!! 
11k here i come
is this a bull trap?
I'm hoping we can break the 11,800 mark today.
time to cry back to Tether
Feels like we'll be testing 11k again soon
oh god somebody give me a tetheriquet to stop the bleeding!!
The chain broke !

(...clicks buy button)
The Japanese press releases the agenda of the G20.
Main agenda of the virtual currency covered at the G20 meeting
· Procurement of crime funds, correspondence to money laundering
· Regulations such as the spread of rumors and short selling
· How to protect customers
https://www.sankeibiz.jp/macro/news/180306/mca1803060500001-n1.htm
[removed]
lol guess the bubble popped
All hype is dead officially, funny how all the people yelling HODL before are completely gone. Bunch of people in total denial of reality. Wish I cashed out.

stoch rsi overbought, volume is shit and fud is loading...
There's no support . . 
Would this dip be considered a correction?
[deleted]
Going so slow..this is boring 
ouch, bitcoin getting BURNED again
DUMP DUMP DUMP. :D
[removed]
