Daily Discussion, March 04, 2018
If this is the Sunday selloff its going to be a good week
Break the fucking $11,500 wall down boys!!!! 
Looks like it's 'The Battle For Eleven-Three' Part II.
So much for the weekend dip.
Its a good day to break $12000 
12k on monday? Yes please
Choo choo, get in line now or never...
How come the volume is the lowest I've seen since November on GDAX?
Important to hold the 11k or even 11.1k today on sunday. The next week 11.5k would be the goal if no FUD happens. lets go, i would also appreciate it if the altcoins would benefit from bitcoin good runs ;) 
Well I just fomo’d in  we’ll see what happens 
Guestimations for price action this week?
In my anecdotal experience, Sunday afternoons/evenings (US timezones) are known for being bullish. I think many participants use the day for weekly buys or to get in before the beginning of the week.

Wouldn't be surprised to see 11,6 in 4-8 hours.
Here we go bitches....
what if bitcoin going to 12k is because of the currency wars?
I'm so eager to see that 11.5 wall destroyed that everytime we go down $10 I die a little bit inside.
I bought at the perfect time, from 11,041 to 11,314 in a few minutes
Strap in boys, someone is buying big today.
I’ve noticed that slow days on the BTC daily often mean something big is brewing.
https://imgur.com/a/yi8fE 

LOL
Is anyone else concerned about the low trade volume?
Good day to buy first £100?
Well something (bots) or somebody (whales?) just gave BTC a nice shot in the arse. Looks good after the flatline that has been this last couple days. *grabs moon boots justincase* 
I think we should anticipate the normal Sunday dip when the US wakes up, and reason why we shouldn't?

Hope btc goes up soon :)
Can I see transaction history of a wallet if all I have is a receiving address? Instructions appreciated
I think the DOW is going to tank tomorrow.
Who got burned predicting a Sunday dip?
Japan wakes up soon. ill wait for them before i buy in again
Is it possible to purchase Bitcoin using Robinhood now? 
What happening is not usual , there is a surprise behind for sure.
I’m seeing a large amount of BTC buy orders now on BTC markets, not many sell orders seems some people are thinking there’s another peak coming. 

that 300 sell wall is a fake
damn bots
On one hand I think following this massive BTC run we are about to see a game of “catch up” in the prominent alts. This type of cat and mouse seems fairly typical. However I’m usually wrong so probably better to say “the sky is falling”.
BTC successfully able to create H&S chart pattern neckline..Now BTC will rise up to 16500$.This is extremely good for long time,seems bubble fear will gone..new money will come :)

All Hail King BTC
It's been a month since the $6k crash and we have still not recovered to the pre-crash level (28/28 Jan - $11.8k)?

Any of you got any good guess/theory on this?  Would appreciate an intelligent opinion.
This will be interesting, on Bitstamp there is a sell wall@11400 with 159BTC
Just saw some monster bitcoin sell limits thrown up on binance. $11,599 seems like the number to beat. 
12k till monday-15K till the end of march! Remember me;)
[deleted]
[removed]
Cashing out at 12k a good option? 
