Daily Discussion, March 02, 2018
I want the price of BTC to keep rising so I can make money by selling it for more than I bought it for.
Looks like I've been commenting in the March 1st thread all of this time.
it looks "healthy" to me. we surely can say that we keep it around 1100.
it's all...... good.
Whales enticing weekend drunk/high FOMO, or is it?
Microsoft adapting? [Hmmm](https://twitter.com/cryptorankings/status/969664353476730880?s=21)  a bitcoin exchange? 
11111.11 make a wish 
Strange force around 11337 ...
So I bought at 14500 at .25 coin roughly making my investment 3600, curious about selling 1600usd at current price and keeping my remaining 1000 and see if I can make up loss through the hodl and rebuying at low price stupidity or logic in this ?
holy hell bitcoin. Please give me time to think.
TA for the coming weeks/months...quantum splitting is the only reasonable outcome:
https://imgur.com/a/Lmf3g
logically the moment you try to sell btc converges into the swamp, but if you hold bitcoin converges to the moon.  
I just came up with an accurate TA and I'd like to share it with anyone who predicted the death of BTC in January. https://i.imgur.com/GZGDnxy.png
I think this is pretty cool, the price has been fairly stable for a few days.  Hopefully we can move towards $12k over the weekend.
When Moon? Asking for a friend.
Is there any app that tracks whale buys and sells across different exchanges?  I am fascinated by watching large orders on Gdax.  If no site or app exists, can someone create it for me?  We can call it whale watchers. 
I find it slightly hard to understand why as soon as we go above $11k on GDAX everyone wants to sell....let it grow folks :) 
Watching bitcoin on GDAX. I'm renaming tonight 'The Battle For Eleven Three'.
Come on guys! We are about an hour between 10820-10850... its boring! Lets break 11000🚀🚀🚀
Is this the famous flag forming on the BTC 1day chart??! I need TA, TA here pls, quick! Breakout on 5 march?!
Profit taking already over? Odd.
So I just sent some BTC to GDAX and it was an address starting with a 3 (segwit), but when I try to send it to a segwit wallet (bech32 - bc1 address) it says “Not a valid address”, and from Coinbase it says “Please enter a valid BTC address”. 

I can open a support ticket with them, but I am just curious if anyone knows if/when they plan on supporting withdrawals to segwit bech32 addresses. Thanks
Okay, can someone tell me WTF Global Job Coin is? And how it has gone up 3000% in the last 24 hrs? Sounds like BS to me...
Is bitcoin qt obsolete? I was planning on firing it up for the first time in years as I used to use it as my wallet just too see if there was any coin in it. 
Cheers,

I think that BTC will benefit on the long run, too. Was searching the web for some analysis and found this: https://de.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/O2XB5hJP/
To the guy whos loading up for Bitcoin at 11130 at Bitfinex I am following your lead whale. Hopefully to a tasty treat down the road.
Bitfinex is looking so great today.
All alts down and BTC either stable or slowly going up. You know what this means, yes? People are trading alts for BTC. This is no new money incoming. I'm not sure this will benefit BTC on the long run.
Either Bitcoin is mooning tonight or McAfee is going to eat his own dick.
Bitcoin Technical Analysis 03/03/18 - Higher target in sight!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zc1cDMK-NRk

Bitcoin is closing consecutive daily candles above the long term resistance line and is looking increasingly bullish! I explained in this video how to establish our next targets. 
Weak trader hands. Good time to go all in (10,7-10,8). You will not be disappointed with what's about to happen.
Is this is a trap?

Hey everybody. Wanna see the price go down? I'm about to buy some Bitcoin. *Watch me work my magic!*
Any thoughts on why price continues to increase while volume is so low?  
Next few minutes are critical.
[deleted]
The saturday pump is real. Expect another dip as we apporach 11.8k
Dominance is slowly yet steadily rising to the point of worrying me that it'll kill my alts in the coming months. I figured $10/11k would be an important source, but I didn't think it'd come at the expense of the rest of the market. Hot damn the Bitcoin prophets may have been right!
Bitcoin has consolidated at 10-11k, hallelujah! Now, all I have to do is monitor volume and news (advertising). CNBC has been shilling Bitcoin like crazy (as usual). This may or may not be indicative of an emerging bull market. I am finally feeling positive about Bitcoin again.

I have one nagging feeling in the back of my mind though. I believe that Bitcoin should have crashed a bit harder. Maybe to $3-$4k. Perhaps it will crash again once it reaches $16-$17k to feed my prophet-like whims.

Another thing I may not be factoring in completely is just the sheer scope of a global "commodity". In the stock market they Issue American depository receipts over-the-counter to represent shares of a foreign company; unless you deal with an international broker to get shares directly. The instant pump of 100's of countries converting fiat into Bitcoin could be a beast I am not equipped to wrap my head around.

All this to say that I'm feeling bullish about Bitcoin!
I read an article recently that say Bitcoin has or will become a pyramid like scheme if all everyone does is HODL. 

In a pyramid scheme you only make money if more people buy in after you so in a world where the price of bitcoin rises and rises as it becomes scarcer or harder to buy as people HODL and don’t use it as a method of payment  does this mean those who HODL have created a pyramid scheme due to over hype on potential returns from investment ?

Does this also mean that that price is a series of bubbles that pop and inflate resulting in massive price swings like we see lately ? 

Interested to hear others thoughts on this .
Whaddup
Yawn
is coinbase vault recommended to hold btc? It not expensive to buy a trezor wallet but I just worried that it may get spoilt, lost, or stolen. Also, do you think coinbase is more reliable than bittrex? 
Hey so did anyone watch that live stream from yesterday? I must've missed it and I don't see him, hoping he didn't bleed out from the bet, that or he is hiding.
Fyi, fedex has an article about blockchain on their intranet news page.  I think im the only one that was excited to see it.
[removed]
My bread account was just disabled until 11 am tomorrow after ONE pin entry (the correct pin, I'm fairly certain.) 

I haven't allowed anyone to even hold my phone in days.... is this a security breach? It's allowing me to change my pin by entering my 16 word code, but I want to know why it was disabled in the first place if I haven't made ANY incorrect pin entries recently. Is anyone else experiencing this?
[deleted]
I'd like to hear some feedback on

BTC dominance back to 41% 

And

90 day low for Google trends Buy Bitcoin and Bitcoin.
I sold yesturday when the volume dropped at 11,040.
Thinking a bear trap. Wondering if I should buy back in, I bought at 7800 1.9 coins.

The volume is still low and scares me I can't decide.... hm 
Probably mentioned here before but if you can help me i will appreciate it. I am looking to replace bittrex for another exchange since the fixed 0.001 fee is outrageous any help is appreciated thanks.
https://www.bloomberg.com/live/emea
good speech for crypto assets 
A verb, from the Latin verbum meaning word, is a word that in syntax conveys an action, an occurrence, or a state of being. In the usual description of English, the basic form, with or without the particle to, is the infinitive. 
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY:

I've noticed that the SEC and CFTC, especially the former, are increasingly sticking their noses into cryptocurrency affairs.   For example, looking at who is scamming who and with what cryptocurrency.   


Given our "government out!" stance, should we firmly oppose such activities?   And should our opposition be organized?
This just in: AL GORE IS SATOSHI!!! ;) that is all.
Price looks unhealthy, should be way higher
omg look at all of those red numbers, so sexy.
sorry guys i need to take care of the little bear inside me  
Aha them it’s not good question :D 
[deleted]
What about altcoina guys? 
Am following this market cap and don’t know what i have to thing about that. 

https://www.vmarketcap.com

Thanks for replies 
I expected a rally but volumes are so low. I'm afraid we're going down.

I also urge you to downvote me to hell if it turns out I'm wrong.
