Daily Discussion, February 26, 2018
This will be a very beautifull week for all cryptos $
Damn, there sure is a lot of angry people that are sitting on the sidelines hoping bitcoin crashes huh? I can only assume many are traders that have gotten blown the fuck out, and or people that bought the top in December. 
I've said this a few times but I will keep saying it, you need to think in weeks, months and years not minutes, hours and days.
Does anyone here pay a regular weekly/monthly amount into bitcoin?

 I was thinking of working a budget out that everytime I get paid

 I put a portion of that money straight into Bitcoin, good idea or bad?
20k Bitcoin summer beginning 
Would be really nice to see Bitcoin never go below $10k ever again.....
This is looking beautiful.
Wow this is 16 hours ago and only 435 comments.  Are we shrinking?
Funny how the 1OK wall sell vanished on gdax.
I am going to buy in at 19K when its nice and safe!
When you buy front then you don't hodl back. You look for cougar in the club with sleeve of wizard. you give alt coin in the sleeve. With real coin you hodl and train mind to see truth in the chart. 
Many will say take short cut in life and trading. No. Don't work. Alway do proper, stand straight, tuck your shirt in. Be gentleman. 
This quietness is very suspicious.
I want to see that €8500 wall on GDAX get eaten alive.
Da fuk, Asia peaple plz buy dont be bearish, buy alot tonight
Where is that bear market resumes?guy
Pay Time = Buy Time 😍
Hello, here in France, we will make you go green candles this morning

Finally, tower of hanoi formation completed today.
In the last few weeks, all news and technical analysts confirm price will move for next few days. All this is consistent with elliot-wave theory. 
First, bitcoin price crossed 3, 4 digit magic numbers at least twice, i.e. $7777, $8888, $9999 forming newton's triangle. Multiple green candles at magic numbers as well as head n shoulders confirms above.
Going forward, trade carefully, but confidently as there is great news. Europe has found solution to immigration problem using blockchain technology today, so no need for brexit. China Tigers, new hedge fund from China will work with Chinese government to use blockchain technology on chinese currency, and decentralize chinese nodes. A bitcoin hardfork in the USA has been announced which makes Shapeshift secure. 

If you don't want to mine bitcoin, now is a great time. 


Europe, your move. 10K today plz, kthxby.
http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_SPEECH-18-1242_en.htm

European Commission - Speech - [Check Against Delivery]
Remarks by Vice-President Dombrovskis at the Roundtable on Cryptocurrencies
Brussels, 26 February 2018

Good afternoon, 

I would like to debrief you on a roundtable discussion with key authorities, industry representatives and experts who shared their insights and views on cryptocurrencies.

The aim of this roundtable was first and foremost to feed into our upcoming Action Plan on FinTech, and the EU's position for a possible discussion at G20 level. As you know, there is already a joint Franco – German letter on this point.

Crypto-asset markets are global, with worldwide transactions between investors, consumers and intermediaries.

On its own, Europe represents only a small share of global cryptocurrency trading, so we need to work together with our partners in the G20 and international standard-setters.

Today's roundtable focused on three main topics:

the implications of crypto-currencies for financial markets,

the risks and the opportunities associated with their use,

and the recent development of Initial Coin Offerings.

We concluded that:

First, the blockchain technology holds strong promise for financial markets. To remain competitive, Europe must embrace this innovation.

Second, crypto-currencies, which are not currencies in the traditional sense, and whose value is not guaranteed, have become subject of considerable speculation.

This exposes consumers and investors to substantial risk including the risk to lose their investment.

This is why our third conclusion is that warnings about these risks to consumers and investors are important: these must be clear, frequent, and across all jurisdictions.

Fourth, Initial Coin Offerings have become a way for innovative firms in this field to raise substantial amounts of funding.

This is an opportunity, but there are also problems that expose investors to substantial risk, such as the lack of transparency regarding the identity of the issuers and underlying business plans.

Fifth, we need to assess further under what circumstances crypto-currencies and related services are covered by existing regulation.

This depends very much on the facts and circumstances around specific crypto-tokens.

Based on the assessment of risks and opportunities and the suitability of the existing regulatory framework for these instruments, the Commission will determine if regulatory action at EU level is required.

Finally, crypto-assets present risks relating to money laundering and the financing of illicit activities.

That is why the Commission proposed that virtual currency exchanges and wallet providers should be subject to the Anti-Money Laundering Directive.

The co-legislators reached an agreement in December, and we invite Member States to prepare for a speedy transposition of this legislation.

To sum up, the Commission will continue to monitor these markets together with other stakeholders, at EU and international level, including in the G20.

We stand ready to take action based on an assessment of risks and opportunities.

Following upcoming international discussions, we will decide on how to follow up today's roundtable.

Thank you.
DCA (dollar cost average) everyone. 
Is it 10.000 yet? I wanna make a "To the moon" statement.
Goldman-backed startup Circle buys Poloniex cryptocurrency exchange
Don't worry chaps; still a few more days for the big stuff.   Read this:

"Just the day after Mike Novogratz predicted the unprecedented raise of bitcoin within next 6-10 months, famous entrepreneur Trace Mayer took to Twitter to claim that bitcoin is undervalued now. The expert also  noted that this coming February its price will reach $27,395. "

https://www.coinspeaker.com/2017/10/12/entrepreneur-trace-mayer-predicts-bitcoin-price-will-reach-27395-february-2018/


HODL for just a few more days, and in comes the lambo!
All this talk about Hodling, am i the only one trading the high & lows of each day? £200 bones easy. 
I was just going to go to bed. Now I cant. 
Either EU is completely buying the shit out of themselves or its market manipulation at its finest
My guess is that the Winter Olympic is over in South Korea and they can get back to business with Cryptocurrency...
I can feel it guys, it's coming...
Haven't had the chance to see it myself but apparently a few hours ago some guy repeatedly placed 250 BTC sell orders whenever BTC was near $9.8K.
shot up approx $200 in seconds. Go baby go
In short term 10020$, in the medium term 10220$
The cryptocurrency exchanges are deceiving badly traders. In fact they became useless in such volatility times i am trying to place order again and again but i can not do it, the shitty bitmex give error the system is overload 
What made it go up so suddenly?
Volume is still rising slowly, it's interesting, this week will be too.
Stop thinking about the price. 

Some people(lot of people) need to read some advices from Warren buffet. 

Long term always triumph over short term. 
Its gonna be a great week guys! Lots of good news the last 3-4 days and now its time to see the effect in bitcoins price...
This has probably been brought up before.  I wonder if blockchain tech could be used to vote in national elections.  This might help dispel the concern over vote tampering.  Seems like it’d be a great application someday. 
So on GDAX it's not possible to place a stop-loss and limit-sell with the same money, even though only 1 would ever be triggered?
Is there any real reason for this bounce? All im seeing is another whale looking to gain 10% and dump on us...
Nice increase in volume.
I am bullish on the bitcoins... yes, that is all
bitcoin needs to break the resistance in order to be confirmed bullish. Not sure if it will, today has been awfully quiet and stable. 
Bullish trend confirmed for now. We just need to break 11.8k and then it's smooth sailin to 40k
Get ready for the biggest green candle in BTC history.
After feeling a bit despondent because of the obvious manipulation I went backed and looked at previous weekly/daily charts and I thought everything looked pretty similar to now.

As someone who has dabbled in BTC for a few years but not watched as closely as I do now, can any old timers confirm what we are seeing now is what we have always seen?
To the Moon!
Don't worry guys about those green candles. Bots will return in a minute and everything will be back to normal.
Must be good news from today's meeting....
For lightning network;

What are the differences between connection weak node or strong node for this time and for the future?

weak node means: nodes which have less nodes.
strong node means: nodes which have many nodes.

which one is better?

Is this the post Chinese New Year bump? Where is a good place to see Chinese exchange volumes over the last 24-48 hours?
big buys coming in?
STOP GOING DOWN.
Can someone please help me understand the ACH system and why it takes over 10 days to buy / sell bitcoin on Coinbase? 
could somebody tell me how one day bitflyer has ~600BTC volume and other days ~170k

https://cryptowat.ch/
When can we expect the new version of Electrum?
holding the 10k till tomorrow would be great for the rest of the week. 
less price threads, more safe storage guides
Is this the right place for a noob...? I'm not looking to invest, I just want to buy a few mBTC to pay for some stuff. What exchange do you recommend for someone who just wants to make small transactions? I'm in the UK, & I don't really have much in the way of ID (no driving licence because I'm disabled and can't drive) and no passport because they're expensive and I've never really needed one. I don't even have a mobile at the moment. 

This shit scares me, but I realise I'm going to have to utilise it if I want to be able to buy certain stuff. Is there anyone out there willing to mentor me...?

Peace

MS 
I guess we're not done for the day? Loving these charts today!
Korea is waking up and they might be hungry this time
the aussies take their dollar cents
Bitcoin saw huge buying volume kicking in past 12hours for BTC despite Tether stopped printing. That is a very good sign. If we can break through the triple resistance level in the next day or so. We can see BTC go on a very bullish run!

Here is my analysis:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4-oDJOBLMM&feature=youtu.be
And here goes the grow
Woah 
rocketship ready for launch on the 15m chart
is it safe to fomo???
What does everyone reckon to today.
Past 8k gbp?? 
come on Bitcoin!!! my alts are counting on you!!!!!
Let's break some shit wall guys

Edit ; ok time to be carefull, good luck
Lambo is coming boys.
[deleted]
So Goldman Sachs now owns Poloniex.
I can't get over how many times redditors in this sub innocently utter the same basic thing,  "we need new money", not realizing how much it makes outsiders say "ponzi".    
Price goes down by 500$ everybody crying here eeh its a buble bla bla bla , price moves by 600$ wooow to the moon next stop 20$k bla bla bla , i bet you dont even a 1 btc because if you do , u will not behave like this . People are investing real money in silence .  invest 100$ and come to flood the comments section . Get GUD
hop on boys, here we go!
500$ dump in 1 hour then. Lul
aaaaaaand i was late to buy. Damn... One more day of hodling and i would be ok and look what happend :(
I am with you for the most part as we have very similar paths. I disagree with you on the we still haven’t found the bottom yet. But as you know these are just my thoughts and not predictive certainty. Because you could very well be correct. I am going the other direction because I see more enthusiasm amongst investors and more of them. When you and I were in the game early on we were surprised at how fast it had climbed in so little. My experience’s with Mt Gox  I like everyone else sold and forgot about it. Luckily I started thinking about it when it was at 300 and said fuck it and bought in. As you know at that time there were even more uncertainty that it would just fade away and it very well could have. - but it didn’t and we just held right on through it all. This time I believe it’s different. I think alot of people are waking up to the reality of things like taxes and Governments around the world trying to wrap their arms around it causing much panic amongst the pump and dump institutional investors a recipe for the “bubble” that FUD news likes to latch onto. My gut says that we reached the bottom at 5.8-6 range and the floor is at 9k. Now, that is my thoughts- as one of us will be right as I very well could be wrong. Make no mistake I definitely have a cutoff as to when to sell and not look back. My fear is that these new investors are playing the very short term game and that will lead to your cesspool scenario and that could very well happen. So we’ll see. I am very optimistic as there is more of a foundation, innovation,  interest and less availability than when it was when we were jumping out of the nest. Either way its the life of a bitcoiner we’re up then we’re down. We just have to play it out.
Are we still going to the moon?
[removed]
It's on, gentlemen ...
Tooo the mooooon.
Here we go, boys and girls! Awesome way to start a new week.
Looking through my crystal ball, Maybe down the road people will treat bitcoin as their savings account since it’s a store of value with a capped supply. And the transaction speed isn’t currently as fast as some other coins.  Then maybe they’ll use an altcoin like a checking account for everyday purchases since it would be faster and cheaper.  The question is which altcoin will emerge to be your checking account of the future?
Where f*ing moon
Not looking good. We may have to settle for the ISS
I’m getting real sick and tired of these daily whale price pump and dumps and market manipulation. For those of you who love it so you can make a few bucks you’re the ones in it for the short profit not the technological gain Blockchain can be and it’s going to destroy this creation. Shame 
Should be good now :) 
Still holding, will see, tought it would have gone more down but the 1D chart is still decent, i stay optimist.Be happy, don't worry.Happy holding.
Will bitcoin mining be called mining after the last bitcoin has been mined?
This doesn't look like a common pump-dump to me, volumes are still steady. Unless the pump isn't over yet.
Where do you guys check volume?
Hey guys and gals - was going to head over to the BTC ATM nearest me which is Coinsource and saw this message on their website:

**All Locations**

> *Withdrawals are unavailable at this time on all two-way machines for system updates. Please contact support@coinsource.net for updates on locations before going to them or by texting 805-500-2646.*> 

Does this mean cash withdrawals or BTC withdrawals?

I guess I should contact support but thought someone would have some insight. Thanks!

EDIT : Oh probably related to the BTC core update. Sorry missed that. Must be rolling it to ATMs

Edit2: Just Fiat withdrawals are affected.
why volume data diverge so much here https://data.bitcoinity.org/markets/volume/6h?c=e&r=hour&t=b and here > https://cryptowat.ch/
Seven 1H green candles in a row, 1H Stoch RSI overbought, 4H Stoch RSI now overbought as well. I can picture two possible outcomes: we either go up slowly or drop down *hard*. Bets are open.
Was JUST about to sell all last night.. now that I didn't watch me jinx it all and tumble to like 500
My Gemini deposit has been awaiting confirmation for 4 hours. Is there a way to check to see if everything is okay? 
Let's take a ride will see how long it will last :D
What if Roger Ver is the real Craig S Wright?
This quietness is very suspicious.
[deleted]
Lets destroy some orange wall
Volume continues to rise too, hmm, interesting :p
What a boost hahaha 😍
If someone is ceptic on Bitcoin, ask them: 
What  do you think is the Chance that Bitcoin is still a thing in 2020? 
Next Question: How high is the chance to win in Lottery?
Why don't you buy then? 
**Great news coming out of China is helping Bitcoin's price. 
Possible news of the ban being lifted eventually.**

https://www.coindesk.com/chinas-crypto-exchanges-didnt-just-survive-theyre-thriving/
Fuck I sold on Sunday...
20k usd btc summer begging 
Bitcoin Core 0.16.0 release and binaries available now. Verify the sigs and update your nodes.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/80bi0j/bitcoin_core_0160_binaries_available/


https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-core-dev/2018-February/000052.html
For tomorrow: we need a bigger go from Tether/Bitfinex and their ~~funny fake~~ USDT.   Good injection today, but it will help many of us who keep hodling to get it up to 11K, which would still be within the current scheme.
I joined the whales and created custom bot. I’m using zenbot and can reccomend so far :)
So far I have driven past the Corolla city, Mustang city and I am presently parked up in Shelby GT350 city waiting to get to Aston Martin city which I have been led to believe is on the way to Lambo city.
I'm new to this btc thing but why isn't there one dominating currency exchange like NYSE. I don't think coinbase is quiet on that level yet. Also is cex good?
Why do these fat Americans always have to be so bullish?
We are at the top at least for the short term the price may drop to 10k in just a few hours
[removed]
cryptocurrency's price rise power still very weak
[removed]
I like how when the close to market open the asking goes up.  
when moon? when moon?
So guys, I wanna tell you something Faith and Belief is the one thing we will need to be able to change the world! And right now, I believe, that in this subreddit, we have the seed, that’s gonna germinate, and that is going to EXPLODE, into an AMMMAZING opportunity for us to change this entire world!
The ongoing pump-and-dump around $10K.   Now is the pumping.   When does the dumping start?
Woke up ... still boring.  Going back to my forex and stocks, far more interesting.
[removed]
Incoming dump people! drop it like a whale... be a whale!
TO THE MOON!
What if the Winter Olympics caused bitcorn to go down because everyone was sliding/skiing/sleding/some shit DOWN snow?
seems that there are many micro money makers/losers ... hold your damned coins
[deleted]
[removed]
And here goes the dump.
[removed]
