Daily Discussion, February 25, 2018
You folks need to seriously widen your time spans, you need to start thinking weeks, months and years not seconds, minutes and hours. 
Somebody wake me up when it goes above 11k or below 9. 
As usual a lot on bitcoin price, i.e. how much real money one can get for a bitcoin.   Amazing.    I thought we were into this to fight central governments and the big banks, free the people, anonymity, decentralized, spread the wealth, and what-not.   This would be the thing that we would count on in the next financial crisis, because we would have our own private money.  ETC.



What happened, friends?    How did we end up here ... in this wasteland of greed, wild speculation, scams, etc.?    
Slow steady climb boom big drop, slow steady climb boom 24 hour low, slow steady climb boom panic attack, slow steady climb loving it boom hate it.  I'm settling down, only check every couple minutes now back in my early days I used to check every second.  Wait its gone up from 9300 to 9423 since I started writing...wait wait 9424..9421...strap on your seat belts 9426...ok need to take a break i check in 2 minutes.  
short and reload at 9k. 
I love how the bitcoin experts from twitter abd reddit have shut up. Yeah these frequent major dips aren’t a good selling point huh?
Why can't Bitcoin just go up $50 every day :)

I've updated my crash charts that was popular here some time ago: http://www.habrador.com/p/bitcoin/
Guys you either believe or not. Let wallstreet fuck it. I am all about accumulating. If we bust, oh well it's a great experiment.  If it pays off....wow.
Can somebody point me at a guide for setting up a main net LN node? 

I own a payment processing company and can't wait to set up a business that allows all of my merchants (over 1000) to accept bitcoin through lightning. 
First rule of understanding the market: You will never understand the market. There are way too many people and moving parts involved.
back to 10k monday night
theres too much talk in crypto
Have a lot of people left GDAX for other exchanges?  Has anyone got volume figures for all the major exchanges? 
13,915 BTC
GDAX 24 hour trading volume
I have never seen this low volume
What does this low volume mean?
How do i keep up with updates on lightning network? For example if a new version of lightning network software is released, if new merchants join and so on? Is there a subreddit?
i wonder if this $300 rise is another bull trap hmmm
All weekend been reading most of the so-called intellectuals in here taking about the Sunday night sell off. Wrong again. No pattern recognized. Mostly steady prices all weekend with a nice little bump up if anything. It’s slardy here with your daily reminder that no one in here has any fucking clue what they are talking about and not to take anyone’s posts seriously. If someone is ever right it is coincidence. Night. 
I know the number $1,000,000 by 2020 sounds awesome but is anyone else hoping it just grazes like $999,999 by 2020 so McAfee has to eat his dick.
Gotta love when price goes down and volume dries up, very bullish.
looks like its time to put the bear masks on. I'm selling them for $6.99
The USD value of my alts is neither rising nor falling with Bitcoin's price. Is that because they've hit rock-bottom?
Love seeing those long green candles go up.
is it lamboon time yet?
Where moon
Where are you big whales??? go buy BTC:)
I bought 1 bitcoin today. Feels good.
Is someone gonna post that same Elliot Wave TA again that someone always posts in every one of these daily threads?
We are all getting over the festive periods (Christmas/New Year) so money is tight, I'm expecting things to pick up mid-March and onwards. 
There is NO end to bitcoin lol. The price will go up and down but bitcoin will never just phase out. Short and wait until the price has finished crashing to buy back in. I've been doing it for a while now and have almost doubled my bag. 
[removed]
Good morning The World. 
Today I feel like itll rise! 
[Empty Mempool](https://gyazo.com/25e05465a95dce67d00bd5650326cf0d)
What I don't understand is this: bitcoin does not need to have a high value to be useful, right? So why does it have to go up? I mean a bitcoin could be 1 euro or 1 dollar and be used all over the world, even more easily than if it was lets say 100.000€ (no need for so many decimals in small transactions).
come on people, hold your coins. i hate all that pussy's that go for a dollar profit
Seems like the descent is slowing. Someone's buying above $9k.
I just watched some kind of psychedelic sea turtle flying through the sky in the Olympic closing ceremony. Those South Koreans need to get out there and buy some bitcoin.
Current prediction - Fibb. retracement of 38.2% (9545) holds and PA continues upwards, breaks short term downtrend.  Buy/Sell at your own risk
yep, the moment I have posted the question "don't you think Litepay looks like a scam?", my comment was deleted from the "Daily alt coins discussion"

WTF?!

I still recommend you to dig a bit over the context of this Litepay project and tell me if you feel the smell of scam
Red candles again. Can it break 9500 k
Good job, bitcoin. A disappointment once again.
I think I'll be buying some if it goes under 9k
✨Wisdom✨

"If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs . . .
If you can wait and not be tired by waiting . . .
If you can think - and not make thoughts your aim . . .
If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you...
Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it."
- Warren Buffett in his annual letter
don't you think Litepay looks like a scam?
What is supposed to happen in 2020? I keep hearing: HODL till at least 2020 but no reasoning behind it.
I suspect these big numbers are scaring the small guy. Price is irrelevant for big holders/investors right now, they will continue to buy. Look at it this way, $100, $95, $92, $88 ... not much of a difference, it's all the same when million/billionaires are DCA'ing.
It looks like Bitcoin is behaving relatively stable. I've looked at these prices thinking "IT'S A TRAP!" and have witheld entering. If we have 3 more weeks of relative bore I might just be all in!
[removed]
HEY HEY HEYYYYYYYYYY. WHAT UP BITCONNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEECT.
Who else took advantage of Sunday sale? :p
Hope you guys are having a good weekend.
Cmon already :D 
cheapest bitcoin withdrawal fee? I'm looking to exchange euro/btc on Kraken, but the 8 euro 0.001 BTC fee is cancer. 
fucking boring. someone shake me once the price starts to move either way
8.3k is the key resistance line, from there we bounce up 
Think the big Sunday sell off is over? 
Quick question: what is the closest thing to myetherwallet for bitcoin? Want to move btc to a segwit address while fees are low.
Bitcoin can stabilize at this point and this will be good news for it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTdTT9Jik7w&t=246s
A lot more ALT coins are staying in the green even when BTC is red, shows some general market confidence returning. Weeks ago when BTC was red everything just plunged into the red near instantly.
Bitcoin should be closer to $1000 to be honest. I will have to research further to find out why it got boosted to this level. The answers in that recent "why did Bitcoin get to this price all of a sudden" thread weren't very convincing. As far as my memory and sources allow, Bitcoin started a massive run after the Aug, 2017 hard fork. I can't think of any other factors except CNBC, MSNBC and CNN going on about it as well as the introduction of Bitcoin futures. I will have to view more foreign sources to gauge what the sentiment was back then. I just don't see any major catalyst last year that would have boosted Bitcoin from $900 to $20k. $10k is a stretch tbh. I feel like someone just has their funds sitting on the base layer and they are just siphoning off from each new buy and taking the fiat profit.

What real catalysts do you guys remember from last year that was major to the point of moving BTC from $900 to $20,000? Don't give me that fear of missing out nonsense either. That only works in smaller percentages or amounts. People will see something gaining 20-30% and then they will say "I better get in on this!" When something is reaching astronomical levels they think "oh, that's too high. I'm not sure if I will buy." Maybe that's just my thinking though because obviously people were buying at $20k so I don't know.
Drop, drop, drop I want to rebuy.
Looking at the 4h zoomed out, are we forming a triangular cup and handle? 9k looks like the possible bottom of the handle, judging by the way things are going!
All right compadres, what say you on bitcorn's next move in price?
10k by today afternoon, to drop to 9.5 within 5 minutes the night
[I told you](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7zvq8f/daily_discussion_february_24_2018/durt0ib/) I was going to save the day, now enjoy my sacrifice -.-
Outlook for Monday looks good to break past $10 000 go boy
Can anyone explain how Lightning Network prevents double-spend? 

It seems to me that no one has mentioned how a transaction is confirmed. It's "off chain," so it's not mined, so who's checking the ledger? Lightning Labs? 
Good morning and up we go 
the bigger the drop the bigger the next run up. Short and wait for it to start, its easier to make money in this bear market than when its bullish. 
Goodbye bitcorn. Don’t worry, I’m only temporarily aboandoning you for fiat. I’ll be back to buy many more of you at 99c. 
Sub 1k by tomorrow lets go bois
Guys, there's a structural problem. Markets are slowly bleeding to death cause the piramid system can't hold anymore. People at the bottom, who stepped in first, get out, people that stepped in later, loose because of price decline. It will take a couple of months before the system is cleaned up. People that jumped in before 2018: congrats, you won at life. People who came in in 2018: stupid people, like me. 
I’m going to join whales and use software for high frequence trading. Will let you know the results.
Starting to crash again. It was only a mini bubbls
Why do I keep seeing disappearing comments in this thread, especially if they are sceptical about Bitcoin?   
   
Yesterday someone posted a link to youtube video with someone hyping Bitcoin and why the only way is up. Next to it was a reply trying to refute most of the guy's arguments. I didn't have the time to watch the video at the time I first saw it, but when I came back to it the comment was gone.   
   
Today I posted a comment in this thread trying to prove a case for bitcoin going to $1,000,000, answering a question why increasing price gives bitcoin more utility. I've got a notification on my phone that someone replied with some counterarguments, but when I clicked on it to respond the comment was no longer there.   
   
If the user deletes their own comment it still shows up in the thread, but says deleted, right? So what is this?
Could someone please explain to me the differences between being a miner and forger ? I know mining is the process of solving the nonce in a PoW system but how exactly does one forge a block in PoS? 
Holy shit guys. What’s this mean 
Never mind lmao 
[removed]
So maybe that Bitcoin T-shirt wasn't a great idea...

https://lambodreams.com/2018/02/26/man-buys-crypto-t-shirt-friends-afraid-tell-looks-like-asshole/
i need a good tracking website
http://www.bcryptonews.com/bitcoin-atms-installed-in-detroit-party-stores-gas-station/141/ 
Down she goes! $7900 by day's end. $1-2k by week's end. This IS the END! 
Drop more please I need to buy more :<
This is just fucking dire
[deleted]
[removed]
Thought you folks might like this one: 
https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2018-02-25/bitcoin-slides-coinbase-informs-13000-customers-imminent-data-handover-irs
Made 8,000$ just today off the influxes.

Market is so volatile that the constant fluctuation of 100's of dollars in an hour span is just a rollercoaster of money.
This is to have an actual discussion. Do you guys feel BTC is over or under-priced? Where do you think it will go from here and why? Share any indicators you know of/use or any pertinent articles. Share ideas and shit. Be nice. :D
