Daily Discussion, February 19, 2018
Hello again 11K
Well i have this strategy for myself.
Whenever i buy, the price decreases.
So when it's high, i buy a liittle to let it come down, then buy more at the reduced price.
Genius.. /s
Anyone notice that when the price reached ~~10990, 150 coins @11k just disappear on gdax ? o.O like instantly
Is there any people who yodle when they hodl?
If Bitcoin's dominance hits 40%, damn. The skeptics will have to rethink their tone.
Hello everyone. I am new to reddit, I am so happy that there is a bitcoin topic and glad to meet you all! Wish everyone Good Luck and profit
FOMO mode activated
Not sure where you guys get your TAs from but 
[this](https://i.imgur.com/M988N7X.png) is clearly an RTR [retarded T-Rex] pattern.
Where do all the negative nancys in this sub hide during these pumps?
We have 11k!!!! Don't let it go now.
Originally bought in at 14k. As price plummeted I bought in a little at 12k, 10k, 8k, and 6k, wherre I got in good amount as felt like it was bottom. 

I finally have some profits and used it to buy silver bullion. New age meets old school
Loving the cheap transfer fees. That is all.
I think we will close Monday at +11K today, what do you think?
Guys whale will fly and to the moon we go.  Go buy 20 more
Let's get 12k this week !
Who remembers the battle for 9k?
Watching confirmations on blockchain and I nearly choked on my drink when I saw this: https://blockchain.info/address/3Jvy1aqJpeh9HscFa8s7VfqCDfNfhCJ6wX
Only 4k unconfirmed transactions? lol, I remember the 100k past months https://blockchain.info/es/unconfirmed-transactions
Why are there still a lot of people thinking it will go down again ? You'll say the same when will have pass 11K, 12K ... ?
BTC has already began is rise back, it's more healthy that it's slow instead of crazy indecent rises.
I am going to be called a FUDster, but I was really hoping BTC would rise slower this time around. At this pace we will hit 20k again by March. That is just too insane.

I am very bullish longterm and wouldn't dream of selling, but it just gives me that uneasy feeling again....
Guys whales are moving
What the heck just happened?
As i told you , 11,5 today , it will dip few hours no body can tell exactly when but it will go up to 12.1 by tomorrow . 
thank you ellen?
My family always said I would never amount to anything. If they only knew Im already a millionare hahaha.
Watching gdax is making me a bit crazy...get it, "bit crazy"
BTC will inevitably go up because it is tremendously undervalued, no TA necessary here
I can't believe BTC held up like this during the 2 days banks have been closed, This is a very bullish sign to me.
Who downvotes a daily discussion thread?
[deleted]
11.2k resistance is strong.
whats going on with this btcp will it acutally be worth something or is this just a pump by zcl
Come on $11,500!
11.5k we're back boys
Did it just breakout of the down trend line?
Pull back incoming
Triple heelflip continuous elk hat forming on the 1D.

If you needed any validation that the TA you read on here is bullshit, read this thread.
There's a fascinating battle going on around 11k.  I think the erect green dildo's will defeat the red smears at some point tonight.

15k baby born by Friday.
Mmm I can taste the sweet tears of those panic sellers during the crash, where are y'all? Shout out to those with big balls who invested during the crash.


Mmm the sweet, sweet tears.
If we summarise this price movement, am I right in saying that it is basically a fight between HODLERS and TRADERS?

Hodlers will not sell and their buy orders will contribute relatively more. Traders will sell at profit and their buy orders will cancel out mostly with their sell offs....

So in essence, we need more buyers which are HODLERS?

Tell me if I am missing something or is there a bigger picture. I am not saying one is better than other, I am just trying to understanding the GREENS and REDs in relation to the Bitcoin price. Cheers,....
The battle of BOTS has begun for the 11250$ mark. 
Battle for 11k is so real right now 
Hi reddit, I’m looking for a bitcoin wallet.

I’ve tried coinbase, I don’t like it. You have to wait a month to invest > £750.00 and the fees are too high.

I would like an alternative.

Ideal qualities: (in no particular order)

1) 0% chance of getting scammed. 

2) NO LIMITS

3) LOW FEES

4) Easy access to buying and selling crypto.

5) alerts for prices.

Thank you.


somebody doesnt want this thing to climb over 11k much . everytime it goes up. it comes down quick
Please help. There was a post shared here from back in 2014 or so, where a guy wrote a fictional story about waking up to 18k BTC in February. Anyone got the link? Cheers.
leverage noob here - can y'all explain the potential effects of this supposed 100 million dollar position getting liquidated? would said whale be forced to market buy 100million in bitcoins? where exactly does the short get liquidated into? the market or the exchange or the long'er on the other side? its not like a market buy of 100 million on their exchange engages instantly and ergo btc goes to 19k on their exchange instantly, correct? that just seems so absurd to me. thanks!
12.5k pls
Hi, I have 15 TH/s of Bitcoin Mining.  I am trying to set-up my own cloud-mining network, message me if you are either interested in cloud mining with me or have anything else to say.
USA USA USA 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
If this keeps up We will be buzzing past the Tesla Roadster in our Lambos on the way to the moon in May
If you take a look at BTC pattern from previous events it has dropped more than 80% I think it will recovery back to 20.000 there is too much shit going with all the media non sense at moment. It is disruption for many banks and business folks who needs to understand what BTC is and what is crypto in general and how can companies utilize it. BTC is here to stay!! 
[deleted]
That sell wall at 9k though https://imgur.com/xbcaSzW
[We're gettin' there, boys.](https://youtu.be/jpTYG_Sqqdg)
hope for 12k soon. the stars are bright and straight to the moon.
[deleted]
Over/under on how many minutes the global average stays at or above 11k before manipulators take it back down again?
Hey folks, bought a Nano Ledger S so that I can keep my bitcoins safe, should arrive in 2-3 weeks.
However, I heard that you always pay a fee when transferring your money from, say, gdax or coinbase to the Ledger, is that true?

And if so, how does one avoid those fees when transferring money into and out of the Ledger?
It'shappening.gif
Guys, what's a decent fee if I wanna see it confirmed sometime in the next 24 hours?
what are the problems with LN so far? where can i check every reports of bugs/problems that have been with LN so far?


Any specific news causing the rise of BTC today?  Or is just a general rally from the low 2 weeks ago?
I loved how all the technical analysts predicted a fall back to 9k because it dropped yesterday (new flash bears: it did so every sunday over the past 3 weeks) 

This bullrun is proceeding to create a new batch of bottom sellers that will no doubt hate on crypto after the next month
[Honey badger don't care.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r7wHMg5Yjg) 
I'm fairly new to cryptocurrencies (and Reddit, so not sure if this is the right place). 
What got me the most is the high price of a full coin and the large decimal numbers that are pretty much worthless.

I was thinking today, wouldn't it be better to use/trade Satoshis instead of Bitcoins? I think it would lower the entry level for new people. It's also psychological.

Look at it like this, which is easier to calculate and which sounds better to have?
You have 0.000090 BTC or you have 9,000 Satoshis.
Now try this, how much USD is this if you know that 1 BTC is 11148.64 USD and 1000 Satoshi is 11 cents?

Yes, currently a single Satoshi is worth close to nothing in USD, but let's hope BTC price will increase to the point where 1 Satoshi is actually worth something right?

Both are the same, roughly 1 dollar, but  the Satoshi one sounds more satisfying (round numbers sound and 'feel' better, also it feels like you 'get more') than the BTC amount.

Just the observation of someone new to the cryptocurrency field. Would love to hear what you guys have to say about this.
It's getting there!
Guys whales are sinking watch for the splash
any experience with kucoin?
to all them Bitcoin haters......... 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ax7e2Hw-JNA
Hmm when will it pull back a touch, always on the lookout to sell and buy back in 
one-toe'd cat pattern forming with crooked-hare formation chasing the 12-hour line
So glad I sold Litecoins I bought and invested profits back into bitcoin, here's hoping this upward trend continues! Signing off for today, we'll see where it picks from up tomorrow.
OK, I think the second bull trap is basically completed, going to short now with a target of 4k, wish me luck!

Just kidding...
Bubble bots are in action guys
Waiting for the "Hi guise, I want to invest. Or is it too late?" posts....
Someone trying to crash the price on Bitstamp. 
*yawn*

One more try to break 11k for good! Lets do it guys! HOLDDDDDD
I can’t wait to be in “profit” again!
11k wall is down in 5...4...3...2
Golden cross forming on the 1d. Get your moon gear ready.
What do you think of my BTC TA https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7yoa4m/bitcoin_to_test_oct_nov_trend_line_again_can/

Will it break through 13k or is it going to be a bloody battle first?

if i use the electrum bitcoin wallet, will i be able to collect forked coins?
Hi. I have a question about upcoming BTCP fork. I think to get BTCP you'll have to provide your private keys. Is it safe to do so? Is there any chance your BTC will be stolen? Thank you!
Could someone help me out with a question I have? I'm trying to transfer my BTC from a legacy address paper wallet to a segwit paper wallet. I am planning to generate a new segwit wallet in Electrum while being offline, exporting this wallets public and private keys and deleting the wallet file. Then I'll sweep the private key of the old paper wallet into Electrum and send my funds to the offline generated segwit public key. Am I thinking correctly?
[removed]
Guys, I have a doubt...

Let's suppose I make a backup of my wallet when it has 0.001 BTC, but then I transfer to it 0.001 BTC more (so at the end it has 0.002 BTC) and then my PC dies...

If I restore my wallet it will have 0.001 or 0.002 BTC?

Supposedly all transactions are recorded on the network (blocks), so what I understand by backup wouldn't be a backup, but rather a way to re-make my wallet on another device and my final balance will always be rescued no matter if I did a restore with a backup made one day or 5 years ago...

or do I have to do a backup once in a while?
Did anyone get some of that yummy btc for cny??
What's up with that candle right after 7:00 EST?
That BTC Dominance!
Higher highs, higher lows.
If that low is at 11.2k i will be happy. Going to stabilize 11.5k then
[deleted]
I pray everyday this shit to go UP, fuck. 🙏
Very visible PIE ( Penis is erect ) chart formation going on, all we need is JIZZ formation to double bounce the dead semen on the bots.
Still waiting to drop back down below 9k to buy more.
Hopefully I’ll be waiting for a very, very long time.
Win wins are win wins.
Can we start a thread where people can buy Bitcoin and others can match them? I think this would help increase the price.
Anybody ever visit that other trash sub? Notice how more than half of the top results are always talking shit about BTC? It is pretty much all they do.
Will it go back to 7K? I want to buy more.. :P
Yo-yo-ma!
Boring, I'm going biking.
will the bots let us pass this time?
‪How does going short work? 

Say I buy BTC at 9k, sell at 11k. Then buy back in with profits at 10k and try to sell at a price higher than 11k?

Wouldn’t it be way safer and about just as profitable to hold? ‬
Volumes going down since the last hour, we'll have to wait a while to hit 11K again. I'd keep an eye open for *both* $11K and €9K barriers, personally I'm not going to sell until both are broken.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I want to sell 11500 mothrfuck..s... dont stop🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
The ascending channel clearly shows that the price is fully controlled by bots software in major Crypto trading exchanges which are moving price in a specific direction
[deleted]
how hard can it be penetrate that 11.2k with all your fiat money. 
That 4H red candle is scary.
GOTTA HODL THE 11k! 
11.6k and then dip?
Hey folks, a question.

how do i transfer USD from my gdax account to a friends gdax account without paying a fee??

Can't find any youtube video discussing this.

HEEEEELP!!!!!!!
From this level 11100$ (we might touch 11600$) I'am selling BTC, with stop loss 11800$ and take profit 9300$. In the longer run, it is bearish trend and technical analysis levels show, we are going to 8650 and 8100 (long term). As we touch these levels, have to analyse again
Damn, we're not going to 9.2k are we?
That rubber cat bouncing...
lots of sellers on the sidelines
[deleted]
To the moon
So, if TA isn't 100% bullshit, we're in for another dip in the next few hours. [click](https://i.imgur.com/fxkv22R.png)
I really hope it dips after 12k.. Planning on cashing g out 
