Daily Discussion, July 05, 2018 -- TITLE
The ignorance out there is real. Fools like this who publish garbage backed by nothing but a pessimistic opinion, are misleading others who may be looking for real information to form their opinion.   


Another article written with a FUD keyboard:  
[https://nypost.com/2018/07/04/why-bitcoin-may-be-soon-worth-nothing/](https://nypost.com/2018/07/04/why-bitcoin-may-be-soon-worth-nothing/)
Seems like alot of good news today. Bittrex partnership with Invest.com (EU). Potential EU ETF as well.

Korean and Thai regulation. Good news

Bad news: India bans bitcoin for the 100th time.
What does anyone think about global inflation rate? Would higher global inflation rate make bitcoin to go up?
So far so good. But we really need to get above $6.8k soon for this bull run to last. And get into $7k prices for some real psychological effect on traders, and people to take this bull run seriously, and make bears lose hope for lower prices. 
I don't think anybody can tell it's up to 7000 or down to 6000
Cmc prices and exchange prices are really off.. all day theyve been off. Anyone else notice that
Do you think bitcoin will ever go back to what it was? My brother roped me into getting it, but then I should have realised it was just a fad to the GP.
Anyone here from before the last bull run to 20k? Bitcoin dropped from ATH of 1200 after Mt Gox and then sat at sub 300 for a 2 year bear market. Even longterm HODLers like myself had cooled off and forgotten about Bitcoin when it skyrocketed to 20k out of nowhere. Don't get comfortable. Anyone saying we are going to zero is new and hasn't been here for the last time this happened or they wouldn't be so cocky.
Hard battle at the moment.....
Banks may actually be HELPING the adoption of Bitcoin. People are saying "We want a decentralized currency that gives us complete control of our money. We earned it, and want to be able to spend it how we see fit, and we want to buy Bitcoin. Bank's response: No, we won't allow you spend 'YOUR' money in 'YOUR' bank account on Bitcoin.

  
Aren't they kind of supporting the case of why we need more control over our money? 
Trading bot is going berserk on coinbase again
I like it. I like it a lot.

https://www.coindesk.com/the-eus-biggest-etf-firm-expands-into-crypto-products/amp/#referrer=https://www.google.com&amp_tf=From%20%251%24s
Bart pattern!
The Bcashing trolls are out again.

How do I know: 

>they are struggling to hold 0.11 (it would be 0.011 if they hadn't attempted to co-opt the good name of BTC.)

>my silly posts immediately get a zero vote. (But that may be because I am a bit of a twat - like Roger.)




Wow, such empty
Can someone tell me what the phone number is for the official bitcoin customer support? I changed my mind about some transactions but there's no way to cancel them???
**Come On Bulls, we need to smash through $6750!** 
We are in for a weekend rout
**COME ON BULLS!**
I doubt this will happen now that the floor has been established but if Bitcoin going to $5000 would finish off these shit coins, ESPECIALLY BCash, I could live with that. 
Just came back from an excellent day at an anime convention and now it's all ruined after reading stuff about current Bitcoin trend. (As usual)
Daily Hopium:



During arguably the worst crash in Bitcoin history, this guy made the right decision to continue buying bitcoin. 

Will you?


https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/21kbiy/just_something_to_think_about_before_you_sell/
It might go up or.. 
good morning. rocket ship is on the launchpad...
Good morning everyone! 
everyone who reads this. use BTC, send it to your friend when they buy you a round. (currently .0007 according to google.)
yesterday was watching fireworks and needed another 2 measly tickets to ride the ferris wheel (USD value about $1). had no cash, only BTC.  thought "OK no prob" and asked several people who looked like tech kids and could not find ANYBODY who knew how to accept BTC. ended up getting the tickets but could not reward with BTC. we have a long ways to go..
Is there a point in buying any other coin? They all seem to follow a similar pattern when it comes to the price going high or low
has anyone else had the fiat payment problem on this site ? lol....$coinbasecommerce!

[cryptotrunks.com](https://cryptotrunks.com) 
Hold it here guys!!
Okay that’s all depressing to hear. I kind of see it like a scam by coinbase. It got very popular in Australia but coinbase wasn’t allowing us to sell through their site. Dodgy.
The more I live in this space and research the tech it's becoming clear we are all in for some shit when the sentient AI that secretly created this masterpiece reveals itself.

Actually my bro invested quite a lot in and has probably already pulled out of it to get some of his money back. It was a fad to him and his mates I have no doubt most of them don’t bother with it anymore like the rest of the GP. And I consider it lost gambled money because I don’t know how to even withdraw it if I wanted to so it’s not like I’m pulling out. I simply can’t anyway. I used to believe it was going to get bigger but that was only with mainstream backing and that’s come and gone imo. 

The problem was they didn’t believe in a future with it. Just instantly gratifying profits. They valued the real world money they could make from it rather than it’s actual value as a currency.
Well.  Crap. 
This may sound ignorant, but listen. There are a little over 2 million BTC remaining to be mined at an ever increasing difficulty. Mining costs may begin to dictate a static value, which would be a good thing. BTC lacks fungibility. Advanced miners may be the new arena of the fight to grab the reamining untapped wealth which could exceed 100k BTC before its done. DPW is in a precarious position trying to bring the USA into this fight. After announcing its next generation miner crypto tanked and the stock began to receive an onslaught of shorts, trolls and rumors. This leads me to believe that BTC price is still in its infancy if you can believe that. Tech stocks blow up on the rumor of the CEO having a good morning bowel movement. This onslaught of shorts is costing someone big. DPW still looks good to break out tomorrow. I bought in but the odds are on the monopoly I fear.
DId anyone notice on crytowatch a huge wall pop up from nowhere at 6580, and then just disappear again ?

Edit 1: Anddd it's back again

Edit2 : Anddd it's gone again
hey so how credible is this Facebook/Coinbase rumour, anyone?
[deleted]
https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/news/25-000-22-000-fundstrat-152557805.html

I find it amusing that Tom thinks there's really a science to this since the price is determined by the exchanges.
[removed]
The cycle of bitcoin shall continue.   Will you learn from history or be a casualty of it?


https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8w8zni/comment/e1v8bcd?st=JJ9BGTWH&sh=a6139656
[removed]
Found one more great platform. Maecenas is a new way to invest in art. Its art gallery is most transparent and efficient way to raise funds.
IMO these articles are written by two types of people. Those who truly don't understand what's happening to technology and its ultimate effect on the real world. And those who know exactly what's going on and are trying to deflect.
Briefly searched this guy “John Crudele” who wrote this bullshit article. His other articles are equally bullshitty (excuse my English). Here is his website. Cheap guy indeed.

https://johncrudele.com/
Does anyone really care about price predictions/obituaries/celebrities buying or selling? Maybe if you are brand new to crypto but i seriously doubt most subscribers of this sub are taking buy/sell advice from the internet. right?
This guy literally just wrote like 5 sentences and got it published on NYPost. How did this get pass the editors? 
I saw that earlier, that has to be the worst written article I've ever seen !
Seriously, are they any worse than the daily shilling that goes on by other "experts", i.e., "Bitcoin to reach $25,000 by year end"?
This guy is salty as fuck. My guess is that he had a lot of BTC back in the days and sold them all at $0.34.
💯 agree!  I read this article today and absolutely 0 substance!
Articles that have a different point of view to yours are for sure a bad thing.
Yes, up, same as gold and anything of fixed/limited supply is supposed to go.
I feel like a pump up to 6900 7000 is coming
Agreed, BTC has to get back to 7000 just to stop the bleeding. IMHO, for an indication of anything like a real bull market it needs to break 8500. Else, it is going to waddle back and forth in the 5800-6800 channel for a while before the next price slide. Good news is that it is starting to get high enough to seriously think about shorting again.
Correct my friend... You have made substantial progress
Yes. I have no info on why though.
What do you meaning?

Comparing CMC with which exchange?
Bitcoin was manipulated up to $1,000, and I personally think the increase to $20k was due to initial manipulation that gained steam as it went mainstream.

I think the only way we would see $20k again is if there was some major manipulation to increase the price again.

Look at it now: nobody is using bitcoin as a currency. Merchant adoption is decreasing. LN is a far off dream. Bitcoin's only use is people gambling on the price. And even that gamble is going to get boring with more sideways or slowly decreasing price action.

If you're looking to gamble, why not signup for robinhood and try options? It's way easier to gain or lose 100&#37; overnight. :P
Get out then. If you don't know anything about the tech and just bought in because your brother told you to you made a huge mistake.
Uh, yeah, but that was before a gazillion people lost literally billions of dollars. The number of financial-product type securities that have fallen so much and then bounced back are few and far between, and even then it was usually at least a decade or more before they clawed back to their previous high.
It's going to drop further.

Do your own analysis.  The price is currently propped up by wash trading, which accounts for over 90% of the volume.
It's really not that hard to run bots to sell the same BTC over and over again.
Agreed. I too welcome bank suppression. 
as along as it's not wells fargo, knowing them they won't ever let me touch my bitcoin, let alone keep a few K in the account without being treated like a criminal of my own money. true story there too...
I thought it was just credit cards that banks weren’t allowing? 
I usually see a nice pump after that happens, but it's probably just coincidence.
Remember when we thought CMC futures will be a good thing "to bring in institutional investors"?

ETFs is insane.  It is building another derivative on an unregulated asset.  What will happen is that it will simply open more ways to capitalise on price manipulation.

The only winners here are the exchanges profiting from fees and commission.
Dude, I frankly don't think many people here cares about BCH.

So you are just doing free advertising for them by generating awareness.
It's 6am on the East Coast of America.  
hey hey hey
0118 999 881 999 119 7253
somebody needs to come up with a way to 'tip' people for comments this good...
So, redditor for a day finds the bitcoin sub and posts this.  Interesting how some people spend their lives.
My Bingo website is letting me cash out my winnings in bitcoin, and I sent some to my son as part of his allowance, but he didn't give his sister a ride to youth orchestra so he could goof off at the mall instead, and now I want to take it back! 
lol if you find the number, ask them why isn't bitcoin mooning yet and tell them that bitcoin needs to focus less on becoming a stock and work towards being a medium for the common man
0-1337
Wow. Just wow. 
yea its 666-000-0666

Ask for Lucy. Be warned though; shes a real bitch. Tale has it that her brother who lived in an upscale neighborhood was robbed by 2 black men armed with bats. That has really upset Lucy. Whatever you do, do not bring up baseball bats, robbery, casual strolls, or nature. 
If you're using BCash, call Roger or Jihan.

They have complete control over that coin.
Haven't seen you for a while BTCA.
we dropped to 6500 tho
Might happen.

BigONE is wash trading over $400m today!

https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/volume/24-hour/
we'll probably see 5k this weekend unfortunately 
Yo Nutcase, what floor are you talking about?
read about bitcoin itself rather than the price trends. e.g. the book Mastering Bitcoin
Nice find
No quotes from the folks who bought in north of 19000? Golly.
Nah prolly not
...moon.
Fancy a race?  I'm fuelling up my Space Lambo^TM
Make sure [this](https://youtu.be/oKtBCj0WK28)  does not happen. 
Good afternoon.
You doing it all wrong.

You are not suppose to spend it.  You are suppose to hodl it because it's going to be worth at least $250k each (some day).
More risk/reward
If you're only in this for the trading profits, the other coins move not only with BTC but relative to it, so you can potentially get more moon for your money that way (bigger risk though obviously).

In addition there are a couple of other coins worth holding/using. 
xXxhussarxXx. There is one coin out there that has limitless potential, a crypto the masses have adopted as their own. Dogecoin a cryptocurrency with heart, “the people’s coin”, has a safe platform with fast low cost transaction speeds. 
Check out HST. Decision making/voting on the blockchain. Signed a deal recently with 96 million member Indonesian organization, in late stage talks with a European country to run their 2019 election. Mivote runs on HST, they’ll be on cnn Sunday with the “Never Again” movement, and holding a polling event in the states this fall, etc. 

About. 14 million market cap currently. Still influenced by btc like all coins, but their token mechanics are novel.
These are all looking really, really good! [http://deadcoins.com](http://deadcoins.com)
Yes. There are a few gems 💎 out there for long term investors, but you have to look carefully. 

Follow John mcafee on twitter to get some ideas and then make up your own mind. 

I am currently in the green on a few altcoins recommended by mcafee so far while the rest of my portfolio is red. 
Agreed, this is getting so boring now.  
Really? Downvote  for a small sign of displeasure? 
Literally nothing in this post makes sense. It is hard to know whether it was written by a human, or just a series of buzz words strung together by a bot.
ya its manipulation, happens on all exchanges really

I don't know, but I love your cat photo :)

LIKE!
Dude, you sound like a broken vinyl disk.

When trial? When emprisonnent?

Are anything of what you say publicly, without anyone asked for it, potentially ground for “trial error” resulting in easy dismissal of the charges.

Shut up, work your case, sue him, and then boast about it if you win the trial.

All you’re doing for month here is just spreading information for the guy to build his defense and you are have weakened enough your offense up until now.

I hope you’ll remain silent untill you and your client have seen the end of this procedure.

But seriously, I don’t care at this point because you are just talk.

Be my guest and sue already.
Fundstrat’s Thomas Lee has lowered his Bitcoin price forecast for this year to $22,000 from $25,000.

In making his case the co-founder and managing partner of Fundstrat argued that the price of Bitcoin should be double that of the flagship cryptocurrency’s mining costs. With the mining cost of Bitcoin currently at US$9,100 according to Lee, doubling this cost while including other variables should see the price of the cryptocurrency reaching US$22,000 before the end of 2018.

Cost of Production
Lee went on to argue that the Bitcoin Price to Mining Breakeven cost (P/BE) cost metric was currently lower than 1 and miners thus needed to boost the price in order to operate profitably. He was speaking during the 2018 Asia Blockchain Summit held in Taipei, Taiwan where he was one of the guests.

https://twitter.com/BlockNewsKorea/status/1011852665951670273

Referring to the Bitcoin Misery Index (BMI) which he created and unveiled this year, the co-founder of Fundstrat Global Advisors said that Bitcoin had already reached a bottom. According to Lee, the BMI’s current reading is less than 30 and this is a bullish signal since the closer the index is to zero the stronger the suggestion for investors to buy.

Per Lee, some of the reasons why the price of Bitcoin is still way below the record high it hit last year include regulatory uncertainty. He also suggested that Bitcoin was being hurt by futures contracts.

Bitcoin’s Harsh Winter
Lee also noted that the bearish sentiment this year was more severe than the one of 2014. Four years ago it took around 300 days for the price of the largest cryptocurrency by market cap to fall by over 70%. This year, however, a similar drop occurred in a period of 200 days.

Lee first predicted that Bitcoin would hit a price of US$25,000 by year-end earlier this year in April.

“We still feel pretty confident bitcoin is a great risk/reward, and we think it can reach $25,000 by the end of the year,” CCN reported Lee as having said in a television interview.

Only time will tell if Lee’s latest Bitcoin price prediction will come true. During this year’s Consensus conference, which was held two months ago in New York, Fundstrat’s managing partner had predicted that there would be a rally in the cryptocurrency markets. However, the price of Bitcoin actually fell while the total cryptocurrency market value dipped by more than $40 billion during the event.

Despite the disappointment, Lee still stuck by his forecast of Bitcoin reaching US$25,000 by year-end. Until now.
I don’t think the bitcoin subreddit is the right place to ask this
History (recent): Montgomery Wards, Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns.
Is there a good masterpiece?

I thought that, by definition, there were only great masterpieces?

Who knows?

Anyway, this is a BTC sub, so fuck off :)
And the relevance to a BTC forum?
Anyone who only seems to care about the exchange rate is obviously completely uninformed or ignorant of the actual reasons why crypto is significant. 

Once you get comfortable with that, it's easy to filter them out, same way you filter out someone telling you that vaccines cause autism, or crystals can cure cancer.
Write to him.

He claims to be in education - if he is writing unsupported articles then that is a credibility issue.

So write to him.  He has a contact page:

info@johncrudele.com


I'm referring to people who are using the internet to learn about crypto, which is what many people do when they are new to any subject.
No clue. I mean the title implies the article is going to provide some logic as to why Bitcoin should or should not have value. Instead it reads like just another ignorant grumpy pessimistic closed minded old man shouting at Bitcoin.
The NYPost is not really a legitimate source of news. It's tabloid news. Therefore, the editors don't give a shit about what is true or not, only what is salacious and get's clicks from the normies.
Yes
No
Not at all, in fact I enjoy all perspectives on topics I'm interested in. But this article is titled "why" something will happen. Then you read it, and it's just some guy saying he thinks Bitcoin is bad without any reason. He may as well have stuttered and drooled.
If you look at data, bitcoins low price of 2015 coincide with historically low global inflation rate of around 1.5 %
we pumped down to 6584 at the time of writing this.
My comment didn't age well
Call a doctor.
is that the sarcasm？ lol

I mean it,  there are time you can tell up or down though, maybe only for few hours or a day, maybe just 90%.

moment like this, nobody can tell.  doesn't matter how fancy those TA graphic looks
Binance for example 
I consider it lost gambled money basically.
Don't say I didn't tell you so. This isn't just some financial product type security. The invention of decentralized trust/ distributed ledger technology is world changing tech that has never existed in the history of the world. Call me crazy but when it happens remember this comment.
>gazillion people lost literally billions of dollars.

Source plz?


No analysis prepared anyone for the last run up to 20k everyone was caught with their pants down.  I'm not upset if it drops further before it reverses. A year a go Bitcoin was worth around 1k but a month or two before that it was around $400. Price will reverse eventually and  but no one really knows when it's going to happen. TA is fun but it's not going to predict the next reversal.
Oh ok.  Do it then, redditor for one week, do it.
Maybe it's a signal
I see your logic but the low 21 million limit on supply changes the game. Large companies like Amazon and Netflix have 100s of millions of shares. 

I agree, market manipulation is unavoidable... but with 21 million coins, only around 17 mil currently, if more money flows into the space on a large scale, the individual coin price could benefit.
>The only winners here are the exchanges profiting from fees and commission.

Yep.
Wasa wasa wasa waaasup
omg, i know this off by heart still after watching IT crowd YEARS ago. i can quote it in full whenever, weird
"Hello? Bitcoin has had a bit of a tumble"
I make a new account every post I make, that way the hackers can't figure out who I am! Only websites I trust with my information are my bank, facebook, and foodnetwork.ca
but seriously...what is the number for bitcoin? i want a refund for all the money i lost on every btc trade I brought high. They should give it to me since im a good customer and I'll burn up their phone line until i get it! *rageface goes here* lol
It's like handing cash to him. It's irreversible. If you're his mother you have the means to force him to reveal his private keys and/or sign a transaction giving them back to you. 
There's no mooning for the common man. 
Isn't BCash supposed to be one of those knockoff coins? Like some of the pretend nike and adidas shoes at the outlet store in Moncton run by a very nice middle eastern family, where I bought all of the plant holders for my garden?
Damn, I though for sure that would work. The comment was in bold and everything. 
I don't think so, I'm still relatively optimistic that we will get past $7k over the next few days. 
Eventually this bear trend is going to reverse. Last extended 2 year bear market where Bitcoin was "slowly dying" we went from around $400 - 20k out of nowhere.
All we can do is wait and find out.
What up WhackJob. Pay close attention cause this may get complicated. A floor is what you walk on or when your Troll Ver buddies throw you out of bed, you can sleep on it too. 
In 4 years they’ll be a guy/gal like me looking back on posts from now.   S/he will quote people who bought at 19000 that either panic sold somewhere along the descent to 5700 or held on and bought more.  The price will be north of 100,000 by then and they’ll probably be facing another dip/crash. 

And in x years from then the cycle will repeat. 
Only thing is, by then bitcoin will be north of 350,000.   And some years later the cycle will repeat.   Then price will be north of one million. 

Meanwhile by then I will be happily retired - early. Enjoying my secluded house in the country while completing my latest invention.   Maybe I’ll stop by this Reddit to say hi 👋 and reminisce.  Hope some of you will have followed my lead and have freed yourselves from the matrix by then.  🖖
Space-Lambo already in space. Japanese rocket can't get into space.
that is exactly what will happen, for a little while.
Heh.  That is the wankiest rocket fail ever.  Nice work Japan :)
ouch
or $2.5k or even $2.5 million :)
if we don't exchange btc how will we figure out all the problems the developers need to solve?
Alas, the fundamental contradiction of hodlers, i.e., BTC will go up in price because usage will increase, but it is a valuable investment so don't waste it on stuff.
Maybe deflationary currencies aren't such a good idea after all, lol
> Yes. There are a few gems 💎 out there for long term investors, but you have to look carefully. 

Oh yeah?

> Follow John mcafee on twitter to get some ideas

I'm out.
But what about the tech?
moon lambo
The bot had to be written by a human so it all boils down to the same thing.
Look, I'm just trying to say that something stinks. I've noticed some things about this stock and its movement that are not typical of a company its small size. Someone is either scared of this company or it is a complete scam. It has the reputation of a pump and dump tech. However, it's not behaving like one. DPW claims to be in production of a 17+tb/s hash rate miner shipping in 3 weeks. That's 20% faster than bitmain's antminer9, a.huge, huge player rumored to.be worth as much as alibaba. Rather than being focused on promoting its new miner, DPW seems to be focusing on the acquisition of a BTC kiosk venture, buying an accountung firm and a new  Cloud mining facility that has secured enough megawatts for 20k miners
is it manipulating bots? what are they trying to do by showing a big wall?
Crapto Kitties?
>  argued that the price of Bitcoin should be double that of the flagship cryptocurrency’s mining costs.

How on earth could you possibly reach this conclusion logically? 
[**@BlockNewsKorea**](https://twitter.com/BlockNewsKorea/)

> [2018-06-27 06:04 +00:00](https://twitter.com/BlockNewsKorea/status/1011852665951670273)

> Asia Blockchain Summit July 2-3 in Taipei to feat. big names such as @fundstrat @SatoshiLite @cz\_binance @hashed\_official among other events in Seoul in upcoming weeks @beyondblocks\_ (July 17-18). Reflects huge industry interest in Asia \#crypto http://www.blockchainnews.co.kr/news/view.php?idx=1550&mcode=m83o8vm

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact&#32;creator]](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source&#32;code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)[**^[Donate&#32;to&#32;keep&#32;this&#32;bot&#32;going]**](https://www.paypal.com/pools/c/80YvGrbq35)[^[Read&#32;more&#32;about&#32;donation]](http://np.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/7pwo2m/heres_an_interesting_one_league_source_says/dsmirtu/)

Could have asked politely, Mr bitcoin police. 
Except that right now, Bitcoin has no intrinsic value and very little "backing", and is attempting to compete with the US Dollar. All the Gov't has to do is state that only it's version of Bitcoin will be recognized in the US and all others are forbidden (search for gold confiscation.) So, highly risky to hold for any long term period.
I will write to him. 
I get your point. My point is stop giving relevance to BS you don't believe in. Just don't read it, link it, or post it.
Yes, lets not confuse NYPost with NYTimes. 
OF COURSE THEY ARE. AT least the articles I've read provide past patterns, current news, a change in public sentiment, etc. Then based on that they say Bitcoin "could" potentially reach their predicted price. I can live with that. This guy however, is just shouting at Bitcoin, and provides no basis or even any indication that he even understands what it is.
I don't think so.

BTC has this rather nasty habit of going up $500 or drop $500 within minutes and against trend .... for no bloody reason.
Binance and every exchange will price BTC based on the trades happening on their exchange.

CMC is just taking their numbers and generating an artificial aggregated number (which has no meaning other than to provide guidance).
How you will you feel when after you sell out at any point Bitcoin rallies back to 20k, 100k, 1 million? This is a longterm game.

 Bitcoin is the invention of decentralized trust an invention that has never existed in the history of the world, and has world changing implications, calling it a fad to GP is pretty short sighted and why does it matter if they do? My parents thought internet shopping was a fad. Cellphones were fads etc. Doesnt matter they will all be forced to use it eventually.

Your brother is trying to help you out. If you can't be patient to hold longterm sounds like you invested too much or know nothing about the tech behind Bitcoin or both. Why invest in something you have 0 knowledge about? 

Only invest what you are willing to lose it may take 10 - 20 years to reach full mass scale adoption of blockchsin tech or it could take much less. At least your bro has the foresight to see this tech isnt going away and despite what is going on now you are an early adopter. 


No doubt that Blockchain is valuable, but how does that translate into BTC becoming valuable. Hodlers are USERS of the technology, not some patent rights owners who will profit form it. Heck, iPhones are loaded with oodles of wonderful tech, but how much money do they make for their owners?
Decentralised trust (or blockchain) has plenty of potential.

BTC is just one use case and to be frank, it has failed in that use case.  The only thing that BTC is doing is being traded on exchanges.
Last run to 20k was built on top of price manipulation.  That has already been proven statistically.
No need.  Top 10 exchanges are Chinese and they are already doing a great job.

https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/volume/24-hour/

You are so desperate for a price increase that you ignore fundamentals.  Do you even understand the reason for the 2008 financial crisis?  
At least, 2008 was built on top of a tangible asset (properties).  Now you want to build it on top of an asset with questionable value?
There are people here who hates banks but happy to endorse ETFs, futures and exchanges.  They are giving them more ropes to hang themselves and the morons come in hordes.
That's because it's easy to remember!
Well I guess I just might make him do that, if he ever wants to be allowed to play Fort Knights again!
Yep.  The cryptoworld equivalent of cooking chocolate.

I bought something like those plant holders - but a garden seat formed from large grained wood held together by staples.  

It was funny when my great uncle sat on it, and it collapsed at the same time as his spinal column.  He's like a dalek now.  So much amusement.
Didn't count.  He forgot the italics and the underlining.
We have to surpass 6.8k first before any serious talk of 7k should commence.  I hope so though. 
Why do you think we went from $400 to $20k?
More than likely, you'll still be living with your mom and hoping that either Bitcoin or the Iraqi dinars moon soon.
You have to be retard if you think the price of bitcoin will go near what it used to be. The hype is over, people got to try bitcoin out, but didn't see any use in it. I mean cmon, it's just virtual numbers. Keep your bitcoins, I wanna see how you'll lose all of your money.
I think he was being facetious. 
is that what some economic priest told you? 
BTC hodlers don't make any money on the tech, none at all, just like an iPhone owner doesn't make any money on the tech. It may be really neat-o, but it doesn't generate one penny for hodlers.
The tech is doing it's thing but the price needs to move on up.
No thanks. Just trying to pay some bills. I drive a Toyota that I’m perfectly happy with 
It's really hard to express everything that I see and all the new information I've gathered trying to educate myself to the BTC world. It doesn't make sense, but it does. I see the utility, I also see the hurled it needs to cross for permanence.. I also see the great wealth possibilities for some. I'm attempting to secure some niche that doesn't involve a ton of risk with small reward.
PussyCoin airdrop from TittyCoin?

Hey, that EOS is funny - you can invest about a million dollars to effectively buy a mouse mat for one of their superduper computing wotsit dickchain system nodules.  (Which only cost 40,000 dollars in total - eh? :)
It is total nonsense.

Cost does not determine price.  Demand determines price.

Tom is not stupid so the only reason I can think of is that he's a highly paid shrill to promote BTC.

I'm guessing here but his thinking could be along the lines of companies selling products for double the price it costs them to make them in order for it to be worthwhile, covering all overheads/costs etc
eh?
> All the Gov't has to do is state that only it's version of Bitcoin will be recognized in the US and all others are forbidden (search for gold confiscation.)

You obviously have no idea what you're talking about. Bitcoin can't be banned. Any two people can install open source software and connect to the internet, the US government would never know. You can't confiscate bitcoin like gold because bitcoin isn't physical. This is so obvious it shouldn't need to be said. 
Thanks Redditor for two weeks
I'm saying no, they are not any worse
Bitcoin is the token that secures the blockchain via proof of work. You cannot say that the blockchain is valuable but Bitcoin is not. The token is what provides the trust. You can't take the decentralization out of a blockchain and keep it secure. Blockchains are inherently vulnerable to 51% attacks and any centralization increases the risk of a successful  attack.

A permissioned Blockchain is not secure and no one has figured out how to incentivise security or deployed a working example of one yet just discussions. Bitcoin will be the backbone that all blockchains run off of as its the only truly decentralized offering and inherently secure. It's valuable because it has value period. People are willing to pay for them they are extremely scarce, as  well as the numerous use cases many of which haven't even been explored or invented yet.


TLDR: it's ridiculous to say that the Blockchain has value and Bitcoin doesn't. A blockchain without Bitcoin or comparable token is not secure. It is just a fancy database.
Please do more research. I've been in this space for over 8 years. You can't have the blockchain without Bitcoin. A valuable token is needed to secure a public ledger it's part of how this works. It's ridiculous to praise the Blockchain and then say bitcoin has no use case other than being traded.....

u/Polycephal_Lee 
says it well:

"The blockchain is just an append only, tamper evident database. We've had those forever. The magic of bitcoin is nakamoto consensus, the solution to the byzantine generals problem that uses a network native token to incentivize proof of work. Banks don't need proof of work, they have authority. So they glom on to the only component of bitcoin they could possibly use, a database."

Blockchain is also more than just a tamper evident database its a worldwide distributed one which only became recently possible due to the computing advances of the last 10 years. This is world changing tech  and Bitcoin is THE token. You don't need another token. Just wait and watch it unravel.
If the use case you're referring to is as a currency, and it does have more use cases, then why would you think it failed just because it has not succeeded yet? There's just no way it could succeed as a currency of any real use until it becomes far more user friendly to exchange. Wallet address translation and layering, with easier storage, etc. That's what it needs, but why do you think it is not coming? It took the internet from the 60s   until the 90s just to get in homes. And this is money we're talking about now, that shit don't change easy.
blockchains aren't inherently secure, they are only secured by the computing power of the network. If there are many individual blockchains for each case with limited incentive for people to use resources to generate blocks on each one, they will be able to be easily altered by 51&#37; attacks.
Statistically? Wha..?
No, it’s not that hard, so you should be able to do it yourself and make bank.  Do it.
Yes, of course I understand 2008. You're basing your case of value on preature estimation of that value. Bitcoin has the potential to provide a great deal of value and few people consider that the infrastructure to support mass adoption is only just getting off the ground. There's a lot more to Bitcoin than a coin on an exchange. If and when it reaches value that's realized and embraced, holding it as a part of your investment portfolio could be just as sound as holding Amazon.
One can support crypto and not hate banks lol. Crypto offers a lot of potential as an alternative currency.
The futures opened up a door that can  not be closed, and ETFs are no surprise. The additional money pumped into the space, however could still stimulate this whole market if there's enough of it. 
Like Las Vegas, Wall Street wasn't built on repeatedly sheering the best and the brightest; their marks have always been of a lower grade of "true believers" who thought they could make a quick buck on the cheap and thus "bought in".
Yep.  But isn't it Fort Knite?

Anyway.  Do that 51% attack and get your money back off the kid.

They've got no respect these days.
That is so sad to hear!!! In the end health is the most important thing, tell your uncle I will send him my prayers! My plant holders and everything I have bought from them have been very sturdy and great bargains though, they are very honest kind people!
I don't know but I also don't jump on every piece of FUD that states market manipulation or tether etc. No one knows exactly why we spiked to 20k. The facts are Distributed ledger technology is here to stay and will develop and grow and become part of every day life worldwide. The first working worldwide decentralized version of distributed trust is world / future changing and it's still in its infancy. People will look back at 20k and wish they had bought in at such a bargain price.

And you will probably be eaten by a bear \^\^
Clearly, Shorty will not be joining us on our next trip to the moon.  Shame. 
Call me a retard all you want. I will have the last laugh 
no but a bunch of highly educated economists did
The tech could work just as well at $1 a coin I bet. 
Ditto, or he himself drank the koolaid and is loaded up with it, and hoping to spike a temporary price rise so that he can unload and cut his losses. There is NO SHORTAGE of that going on worldwide.
Ignore two week old account trolling you pls
what is also very obvious that needs to be said,  if the U.S. government decides it will not accept bitcoin as payment for taxes,  isn't that an effective ban?
Wow, your ignorance of financial tracking is unbelievable. So why hasn't barter taken-off then? Do you get a paycheck in Bitcoin? How would you convert cash to bitcoin without the government knowing? Just like the current pot financial industry (or, rather, lack-of), until the feds say it's good to go, it ain't. There's a hell of a lot more demand for weed than bitcoin and yet, the feds resist until they can guarantee their taxes get collected. Do you pay taxes on your bitcoin transactions? If not, then it's just a matter of time before the whole bitcoin industry collapses from government interference.
Hello?  

There are plenty of blockchain implementations around the world and none of them involve BTC.  In fact, most of them aren't even crypto use cases.
It's all coming. This technology has the brightest minds behind it developing it. Like any emerging tech before it experts will line up to say how clumsy and unpractical it is in its current state how it will never do what it intends to. Internet, Cellphones, even the automobile all started from something almost unrecognizable to what we have now. Like even the SEC regulators have said, distributed ledger tech is here to stay and once out of the bottle the Genie cannot be put back in.
Fine, it has not failed.  Happier if I say it has NOT succeeded?


It's not worth it, dude started insulting me before the real education could begin. Oh well.
Yes, agree on security.  But whether you like it or not, there are countless blockchains out there.
Dude makes no sense in any of his comments. Statistics don't prove anything the fact he believes that should tell you enough of who you are dealing with. Dude reads one article and doesn't see there are just as many if not more refuting articles and NO one is claiming any real proof of what caused the 20k rally. No one knows just conjecture.
Which planet have you been living on?

https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3195066
You mean you are not aware that it already made bank last Dec and most of the money was already taken off the table?

Right now, the pumping is just to keep the price stable for the whales to cash out.
Come on, let's not get unreasonable.

Amazon generated $117B of revenue from delivering real services, from which it delivered $4B of profit and provide employment for 566,000 people.

BTC generated $0 of revenue and profit and provided no employment.   
You support crypto by using it for it's purpose - buying and selling products and services.

Building trading vehicles on top of it like through exchanges, futures, ETFs, etc is not helping.  The only thing it does is encourage speculation and price manipulation.  

And the only winners are the people taking the commissions.  That's why they created it.
(p.s. I've been attempting a DDOS attack on my son's computer for days, but it is so much more powerful than my own.  I wouldn't mind, but I fucking paid for it.)
Always go for quality.

I bought 6kg of explosives from Roger Ver once.  Top quality.  Just fireworks really - I mean - why the fuss?

I felt a bit guilty about telling the FBI, but I was in a shitty mood because my garden furniture had just collapsed causing life changing injuries.
How does bitcoin price relate to distributed ledger technology?
Nor continuing to ride with you on the bus because a car is, well, just beyond your financial ability.
O good, economist did! So priests with their worthless garbage philosophy 
No it isn't an effective anything. You socialist.
A hell of a lot of people paid taxes on crypto this year. Look it up.
You can exchange crypto for fiat on OTC exchanges, peer to peer exchanges, new app infrastructures, decentralized exchanges and more. These entities are growing in numbers at an accelerated pace. We're past the threat of government shutting it down, and again since it's global, every government of every country would have to shut it down. That's extremely unlikely.
> So why hasn't barter taken-off then? 

Trolling is it?

You keep licking that boot citizen. 
I never said there wasn't, but Bitcoin is the only decentralized one. Decentralization is the key and the reason any of this is matters in the first place. I'm not going to argue with you have good night.
You continue to be confused between blockchain, crypto (use case) and BTC (instance of crypto).
Yes, because that is accurate. It hasn't... yet.
ROFL!

The person who thinks BTC is the ONLY decentralized implementation of blockchain is trying to educate others?  

This is so retarded that I'm not sure whether to laugh or cry (both now actually).
You didn't understand the whole last part of this persons comment.
Theres been a dozen of these claims made, with attempts to look for a pattern in the numbers. There's also been a dozen arguments to refute them, based on the sheer volume of average Joe's that jumped in during the awareness stage of Bitcoin. There may have been some manipulation of price but based on the information available, the manipulation's role in the 20k run up may have been as a catalyst at most.
So what? All markets are manipulated on some level. During these early days the market needs to get all this out of the way and through regulations, it will most likely eventually find a Bitcoin price that is subject to less volatility. Its gonna take time though and more bubbles are very likely.
Uh huh
You're stuck in stock mode and comparing Bitcoin's value to a business model value. I get it, I really do. It's really difficult to nail how Bitcoin translates to value when it's a brand new monster. It can revolutionize how funds are exchanged gloabally and at the same time be traded on the market and eventually reach the potential of an exceptionally robust store of value as digital gold. It generates revenue for miners and hardware manufacturers. It's on it's way to becoming a massive industry of sorts, yet nobody knows how to value it. That's the truth of it. But just because I said it would be as sound to own as Amazon, doesn't mean it's evaluated in the same way. I mean, it's currency in itself. It could become a much bigger deal than most people envision.
Im just going to touch on the basics and suggest you read Satoshis whitepaper to open the can of worms. Distributed ledger tech is a blockchain. 

Blockchains are not inherently secure and require a native token in this case Bitcoin to secure proof of work. Distrubuted ledgers or Blockchains require proof of work. 

Thats is why you cannot have the blockchain without bitcoin and anyone who seperates the two or sees them as unrelated is just not understanding the basics of the tech.

As far as price goes its related in that you are investing in the Blockchain by owning bitcoin. How much is this world changing tech going yo be worth once it hits real mass worldwide adoption in all its use cases? Im talking longterm 10 - 20 years now.
No, instead you will just be riding in your own personal short bus.  Happy trails 😜
how's listening to random people on the internet better?
What the hell does "socialism" have to do with it?...
LOL, they paid their taxes with that nasty old government fiat money, not crypto.
You really are a moron.

Why would anyone want to implement a centralized blockchain?  Retard.
you are the one who is confused not me.
Redditor for 1 week/Shitcoiner thinks he's a genius at Bitcoin lol. Go back to your coloring books your mom gave you.
Fine.  'Yet' is still out on verdict.
You are going to get destroyed. You clearly have no clue what you are doing here. You could have learned something the nice way. Don't be a dick lol
All he's saying is that shitcoins are less secure because of the limited hashpower and level of decentralization.
I think the one thing that we can both agree on is the need for regulation.

It's ridiculous at this stage for BTC price to be based on Chinese unregulated exchanges that account for 90% of trades. 
Yes, I do have a problem trying to pin a value to BTC.  Don't get me wrong - I understand it has value for the things that you mentioned.

The main obstacle in my thought process is the linkage between the price of BTC, the value (as a currency) that it delivers and the underlying cost.

Take Gold as an example.  1oz of Gold is the same whether it's priced at $100 or $1,000.  If used as a media of exchange, it will work regardless of price.  Just like BTC, if demand price falls below mining cost, mining operations will either self-adjust or cease.  But just as Gold price won't increase because of increased mining cost, neither will BTC.  

So .... I have really no fucking idea what BTC is worth.
How many people do you know who own gold? Like not a ring, a legit brick of gold stashed somewhere as a store of value?

This idea that “store of value” is some untapped market is fantasy.

https://www.cnbc.com/2018/01/18/few-americans-have-enough-savings-to-cover-a-1000-emergency.html

You know what consumers use as a store of value? Houses. Because if it all goes to shit I can live in it. 

Or stocks, because you are owning a share of a revenue producing asset and you can easily diversify your risk across hundreds of companies or markets.

The major holders of gold are governments, and pigs’ll fly before a government decides to buy in and raise the price 10000x overnight - making a small minority sudden billionares. 

As for currency - no one will adopt a currency where most of the world starts at zero, and a few early adopters start with the net worth of a small country - not going to happen.

So you're saying that the best use of DLT is bitcoin, right? Fair enough, I think that's true.

What can bitcoin do at $50,000 a coin that it can't do at $1 a coin?
Who asserted that? Ask 10 economist their opionion about the state of the market and its future direction and you will get back 15 opinion. Economics in its current form is psuedo-science
I haven't insulted you yet but you can go fuck  yourself how about that? Calling other people morons and retards smh dude are you 12?
Well, if you do not understand that there are plenty of solid use cases for blockchain that does not involve BTC, then you really should read more (stop watching youtube).
ah ... another moron who thinks hanging out in reddit longer gives him some credibility.
I'm sorry, you are right.

I can stop being a dick but you are still a moron.

Wait what? If you regulate BTC what’s BTC actually going to be used for?
OK ... then on that level, we agree. :)
And listen, I enjoy a debate, but I am not here to throw insults or assume I know any more than anyone else. I simply have my opinions and enjoy exchanging!
Yes, gold investment played a fairly large role in the life of a close friend / businessman. The 2008 crisis also hit me hard.
This debate is pointless. You are limiting your vision of the enormous value Bitcoin has and more importantly, will have. The digital value is there, it's not a physical bar of gold dug up from the ground only to put back in vault, no. But that's old school and this type of technology did not exist then. 
You can't seem to wrap your head around the fact that Bitcoin does not need to be a company or a physical hunk of metal to have great value and that's unfortunate. You're using the traditional concept of stored value, because yes back in the day the gold standard meant that money was actually backed by gold. And this is something we could talk about all day.
I like gold, but things can change, and no it won't happen overnight. But if Bitcoin's price stabilizes, it could very easily become an efficient store of value, particularly for a digital generation. It has the scarcity and security. It's also backed by the hashing power of a very complex and distributed global network. New protocols are in the works to address the potential of a 51% attack, and as we move forward many additional innovations will be compounded into the equation. Give it time.
I'm not sure I am understanding the second part of your question but yes I agree with the first part.

Lost coins, scarcity,  as it's market cap rises so does the price. Sorry I might be totally misunderstanding your question. Are you asking simply why Bitcoin has value? Why does gold have value? It's basically the same thing it has value because people believe it does.

okay, find me one respected economist that thinks a deflationary currency is a good thing, lol.
Because you are a moron who does not understand the 'cut & paste' that you spout all over the place.
"You really are a moron.

Why would anyone want to implement a centralized blockchain? Retard."

Go tell your mommy and daddy you got into an argument online you are not ready to discuss anything.
"Muh blockchain". Why don't you consult R3 Consortium and see what they come out with it?
Is that the best argument you have? Stop snorting blockchain dust. 
No, wat gives more credibility is not calling everybody else a moron or retard and engage in an actual discussion for once. 
Dude I don't care if you call me a moron that relfects more on you than me. 

Heres some more copy pasted bullshit I don't understand....

"The other main property of Bitcoin that no other coin has is decentralization. By decentralized, I mean that Bitcoin does not have a single point of failure or choke point. Every other coin has a founder or a company that created their coin and they have the most influence over the coin. A hard fork (a backwards incompatible change) that’s forced on the user, for example, is an indication that the coin is pretty centralized."
To be used to do what it has always been intended for - store of value and currency.
I guess the answer to my question is one. One person. Out of everyone that you know. That kinda hints that "store of value" isn't a particularly big consumer market.
I'm saying that all of the usefulness of bitcoin is still there whether it's $1 a coin or $50,000 a coin. Hardly anyone is actually using bitcoin as a currency, though, so the scarcity does not come from actual usage. It's just pure speculation. 

I think gold is a poor investment, too, but for different reasons. 
> Why would anyone want to implement a centralized blockchain? Retard.

You wrote this and you are calling me a retard.... 
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/07/ups-dives-into-blockchain-technology.html

Just one of plenty of examples of real world use of blockchain.  Nothing to do with crypto.


Argument?  LMFAO!

Tell me precisely what is there to argue when you have made absolutely zero point?  That's why I called you a moron :)
My bad.
You keep talking about cryptos when I kept telling you that crypto is not the only use case for blockchain.

Try this - https://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/07/ups-dives-into-blockchain-technology.html

Understand now?
But BTC isn't particularly good at either of those? Isn't the whole thing about decentralisation and sticking it to the government? 
Well at 1 dollar a coin the miners wont have incentive to mine. Bitcoin is still in its infancy in all its uses cases though maybe even pre infancy. Even in this early  state I use Bitcoin as a currency. The scarcity comes from a 21 million cap lost coins and controlled supply. Bitcoins really are scarce unlike gold. If you do the math (as has been done in countless other posts) and account for lost coins , there are only around 2-10 million people on earth who will ever own 1 Bitcoin or more. It's crazy to imagine that people here in this sub today even the haters are a unique lucky few to even have this opportunity to purchase Bitcoin at this price. There are 7 Billion people out there who will never even get this shot.


Hey moron, aren't you the one who wrote "but Bitcoin is the only decentralized one".

Retard.  At least try to understand your own crap.
Hahaha..You just proven the point that you don't understand the term "blockchain" like those UPS folks in the article lol. At least read Jimmy Song's article what the pros and cons of a "blockchain" is as a start.
This is a different person than who you called moron, they just also recognize that you don't understand the tech.
Dude this proves you don't understand the basics of this tech. That is a centralized blockchain. All blockchains are secured with a token or crypto. ugh im done. You don't deserve any more of my time. Shame on you. May the Bitcoin gods strike you down for your blasphemy and ignorance.
I guess we'll see who is right in 5-10 years. My prediction is it fizzles out and either drops to less than $100 a coin (with super super super low volume) or dies entirely.
Lol this is so fucking ironic you are hilarious. Do you even know what decentralized means? You just proved you have no understanding of this tech.
Exactly and he's calling me a moron fuuuuuu. 
Lol .... another presumptuous moron who thinks he understand tech more than UPS.

Do you even understand why UPS is doing this and that they are already in discussion with the stakeholders on decentralisation?  Let me give you a clue - it's insurance and litigation risks.

Now go back and watch your BTC youtubes.
Oh please .... this tofuspider guy just drop in every now with zero content.

And if you think he's validating your view that I don't understand the tech, you are mistaken.

Where the tech is concerned, we are on the same page on what decentralization is.  What you fail to understand is how blockchains are deployed.

Look, I have been in consulting business for almost 30 years.  I live and breathe large scale IT implementations.  And I can assure you that you have made a lot of wrong assumptions where deployment of blockchain is concerned.
Dude, if UPS wants centralized, they will just use a damn database.

This use case is interesting because their business involves thousands of intermediaries - shipping companies, customs, last mile couriers .... that is why it needs a trustless/distributed system beyond the control of UPS.

As to how they will determine the decentralization and incentive system, that's part of the project.
Yup, its really not that long of wait in the big scheme of things. Will be an exciting time whatever happens.
sigh ...

Nvm.
Do you do well calling people morons and retards where you worked for over 30 years? Like I said, reflects more poorly on you than me. Anyways I never claimed to be an expert and everything I stated was correct in the context I said it. I stuck to the very basics. You clearly misunderstood the very basics claiming that bitcoin blockchain was not the only decentralized worldwide distributed one (it is) and focusing on use case when none of that really matters.  If we are talking about private centralized blockchain deployments then thats one thing but that's clearly not relevant to the conversation we were having.
You still aren't getting it. No one here is going to agree with you because you are flat out wrong on the basics of centralization vs decentralization. They HAVE been using databases and now want to move onto blockchain tech which is basically a "new" kind of distributed database. Any blockchain they set up and control will be centralized by nature of it being created and owned by UPS. 


A centralized blockchain will not be secure with the current vulnerabilities to this tech. They very well may be doing what MSFT is doing with their Identity platform and implementing Bitcoins blockchain as it is the first, largest, most secure and ONLY worldwide distributed blockchain on the planet. 

All these alt coins and 3rd party blockchains are all in the same bucket despite use case. They are created and owned by companies and individuals and thusly are centralized and have not solved the issue of security that Bitcoin has.  That's why MSFT identity platform is implementing Bitcoins actual blockchain as well as others as stated by their head of Identity, dude understands the importance of decentralization in the whole scheme of things which is what you are completely missing.  

I think you came into this thinking that blockchains are inherently decentralized or something that can be chosen which is not the case. Bitcoin is the only decentralized blockchain and crypto due to how it was invented and released open source after the inventor disappeared and went anonymous. It has no owner no single point of failure is the first and thus largest distributed blockchain that has grown and survived from being released in Open source in 2009 to the beast it is today because it is decentralized. 

No other blockchain unless it is decentralized or widely as distributed will be able to supplant or equal Bitcoin REGARDLESS OF USE CASE. If they want to widely distribute that data they will need to solve the issues that currently don't affect Bitcoin because of its decentralized nature or just implement the already existing worldwide decentralized chain. UPS can't just figure out the decentralization and incentive system it doesn't work like that. 
Firstly, my point is that blockchain has far more use cases than just cryptos.  UPS is an example.

Secondly, UPS is not implementing a private, centralized blockchain.  It is an industry wide implementation cutting across the entire logistics value chain.  And it will be decentralised because the processing nodes will be spread across the many companies involved in the logistics chain.
No, you are the one who's not getting it because you are being too presumptuous.

UPS is already in consultation with the various communities of stakeholders (government customs, last mile couriers, shipping companies, etc) to distribute the processing nodes.

So what if BTC is more decentralized?   Where UPS is concerned, it's of zero importance to them.
Security is more than of zero importance to them I guarantee you. Look at all the centralized exchanges that have been hacked recently.  A blockchain network is only as secure as its infrastructure. Im done. Have a night.
Why do you keep taking things out of context.

I said whether BTC is more decentralized (or secured) is of ZERO relevance to UPS.  They do not care about BTC!  You need to stop thinking that all blockchains are related to BTC.
I don't think they are all related. I understand that you are talking about BiTA and their proposed centralized transporting and shipping blockchain deployment. Is security and 51% attacks something they magically wont have to account for? They are in pre discussion about this no solid implementation of how this is going to work. Distributing nodes evenly across participating companies sounds like like centralization to me. Easier for a hacker or attacker to consolidate nodes and initiate a 51% attack. You think all of participating companies will follow all the exact stringent security protocols? Im interested in how this implementation works out or what they come up with but Blockchains aren't inherently secure like everyone has said. Would be a shame if a hacker was able to get control of enough companies/nodes to alter the data. You telling me that with current security protocols and attitudes to security this is something they will be able to prevent? Decentralization is the key that is why I keep going back to BTC maybe i'm just nuts.
Yes - 51% attack is a concern.  As I understand, this is precisely the discussion point among the participants.  What I understand is that they are trying to reach a consensus by limiting the among of hashpower that each group of stakeholders can have.  What they do not want is an 'arms race'.

You are right in that it will not be a true trustless system like BTC.  The incentives will be capped and driven by the need to cover operational cost.
