Daily Discussion, July 04, 2018 -- TITLE
Anyone else in the mood to see us rally to 7k today? 
Anyone that has not yet watched the debate debate between  American stock broker Peter Schiff  and ShapeShift CEO Erik Voorhees, it was pretty cool to see how Erik swayed the crowd over to a positive perspective on Bitcoin's future.

Erik won the debate and shifted the crowd from 40&#37; believing that Bitcoin will be able to serve as digital gold to 55&#37; believing. He did a great job as an ambassador for Bitcoin!  

Happy Independence day, America. Please buy some bitcoins today to celebrate. 
Make Independence Day great folks :) 
Lets break $7k today.....
Love these bot pumps
how is it every time BTC gains steam an exchange gets hacked etc.

and how are these constantly hacked, forex never gets hacked etc just crypto?
That green dildo has made me moist. 
The editors are off this week. Bitcoin truth can be told. 
What a beautiful pump!
Someone should make a new rollercoaster gif but use the soccer player from the Geico commercial instead.
We pushing towards 7k one step up at a time.
Why would anyone pay 15k satoshis for a dollar?
And all the FUD the editors print so they can stay in the system, Bitcoin is just getting stronger. Its taken every attack and just got stronger. Decentralization scares the system more than anything. You people embrace when you keep talking short term price. Youll get your money but youll get freedom most importantly. Youll get a stronger voice on how the world acts. Instead of a few making decisions, the majority will dictate what gets funded and it wont be wars to benefit them.  Education levels will skyrocket. Hidden Einsteins will be discovered. 
That's another hedge fund onboard at coinbase.
Things are not that bad for Bitcoin and crypto at the moment. No real bad turn of events, and the coin price is better than previous weeks.

Yet .. there are still poorly written FUD articles popping up as much or more than normal. Just horrible crap articles with no justification for the negativity and incredibly misleading headlines. What gives? I mean who pays these guys to manufacture such crap??
the price makes me very happy today. happy 4th of july!
Anyone have any inside information on the DPW coolysis anteater cryptominer?
I should have trown more money at this monster yesterday!
We're off again.
7k by teatime.
Daily Hopium:

&nbsp;

Price is looking good.  I think the bulls need to get it over 6.8k and it would finally show an upward trend above the last high ($6829.06) on the Coinbase Pro 1 day chart.

&nbsp;

This article says the fireworks will begin once we get back into the 7k range:

[https://www.fxstreet.com/cryptocurrencies/news/bitcoin-top-price-prediction-ready-for-fireworks-above-7-000-after-piercing-major-resistance-confluence-detector-201807041510](https://www.fxstreet.com/cryptocurrencies/news/bitcoin-top-price-prediction-ready-for-fireworks-above-7-000-after-piercing-major-resistance-confluence-detector-201807041510)

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Time to Keep the Faith (theme song of the week):

[https://youtu.be/ph7oZnBH05s?t=1m4s](https://youtu.be/ph7oZnBH05s?t=1m4s)
Moon?
we moon yet?
I once read an essay called "The approaching age of virtual nations" by Mike Dillard and I can't find it on google. Anyone know where I can find it?
noted
Are futures over now?
The face when you realize, that the price is only the rate of buying bitcoins with fiat https://pre00.deviantart.net/592a/th/pre/f/2011/288/8/c/troll_face_sad_by_rober_raik-d4cwjk7.png That if the price lowers that doesnt mean that anybody is selling, thats just less buyers for newly mined bitcoins
Just hit $6,784 on GDAX. Let's fly again baby!
Eventually, BTC price is going to become static with the cost of mining the remaining few. Big tech will fight it out with monster processors. What do you think the price will plateau at?
You all are lucky your idiotic posts are deleted at the end of the day. You talk price price price.... its the technology that offers freedom you cant imagine. 

Keep chasing the dollar bill like a donkey to a carrot. They will just print more when you think you accomplished your goal. 
*Cricket noises*
Anybody familiar with this website?

[https://www.investyourbitcoin.net](https://www.investyourbitcoin.net)

I really want to work with them but I can't seem to find any review about it online?

It seems legit.. but is it legit?
Bitmain asic miners are monopolizing, centralizing and turning people off of crypto.  All crypto should follow moneros lead tbh.
so.... did we break the downtrend or what? Close enough? Your thoughts and prayers below plz
Massive sell wall in the 6650-6800 territory. Interesting to note that a ton of shorts opened after the pump then closed immediately and simultaneously a lot of longs closing. Will most likely need to go down and retest if it's to reach 7000. 
Who cares? Itll just get dumped back down in a couple of weeks. Same story as always. 
As long as asic miners exist and bitmain continues to monopolize btc, the down trend will continue. You wont get outsiders in if it is a monopoly. Ironically, bitmain may become it's own worst enemy as it continues to defeat btcs purpose
Link?
You gotta shill them: 

Bitcoin = freedom coin
BitcoinAlways I think you have an IQ of 15 on a good day...always posting sentimental nonsense.. Ive always wondered if youre a chick
Ok, Im on it.
Load ze Korean fud
Doesn't sound like a hack - just sounds like another shitcoin was exploited due to weak code.  Binance then halted trading and reset it's API.  Nothing stolen, just a bug in Syscoin.
I often think the same.....
Which exchange got hacked ? 
Orchestrated.
Because Forex Markets have years of solidity and millions in budget, not to mention that they use their own datacenters. These lame cryptomarkets are all supported by some Amazon-cloud-style system. They delegate and delegate their security and in the end, get buttfucked...
Bitfinex got hacked and Tether was born.  Without Tether, BTC's price would have crashed.

So ...... hacking is good for BTC.
That it's still recovering from a speculative frenzy and is 7 months into a bear market?
The trend shows that the price is slowly bleeding out to 5k.
[removed]
Just wait until the ETF's start rolling out.
I do get where you're coming from but I don't think one should blame journalists - they are simply reporting on the state of the market.
Vermilingua tech.
how much did you throw yesterday in percentage of your asset

lol
Cmon, water has been boiling for a while now
Oops
6.5k now tho
[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SCrVT9EtwCV1ADkq0q\_GZrxxTnepBJRPCKfH9xx77VU/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SCrVT9EtwCV1ADkq0q_GZrxxTnepBJRPCKfH9xx77VU/edit)

Looks very interesting. Worth a read, I take it?
when 10k?
There are only 1,800 coins mined each day 
$42m.
Too many variables to even guess. First we have to allow a natural progression to continue, where people who lack imagination and vision slowly open their mind as they see the future of currency forming in and around the cryptocurrency space. Once we get past all the close minded pessimists, and adoption of real investment kicks in, the plateau price may be far more than we even anticipated.
2.3M of 2014 USD , but by the time it gets a where close the inflation of fiat will cause the price to go towards infinity as the value of state currencies goes towards 0
$1kabillion. according the chart.
Price is determined by the manipulators working with the exchanges.  

You mean you haven't figured that out by now?
The sound of leather on willow?
No, it's a Ponzi.  
I used to have a website writing about how to invest your BTC with relatively trusted websites but it's been a while since I've updated it.  
https://thesunexchange.com/ is "legit" (invest in solar power in South Africa), for example.    

There IS NO SUCH WORD  CALLED "LEGIT", KNOWN TO THE ENGLISH DICTIONARY (that is if you know what a dictionary really is)...are you conjuring to a word known as LEGITIMATE or for that matter irreconcilably ILLEGITIMATE? 
THE AMERICAN EDUCATION SYSTEM HAS INDEED DEGENERATED OVER THE YEARS, AND SO HAS THE COUNTRY and its subjects !
competition is right around the corner though
Well, it certainly couldn't be that so many cryptos have already turned out to be outright scams? Nah. [http://deadcoins.com](http://deadcoins.com)
I'll believe it when we are back above $10.000. 
no, a new disturbing pattern has emerged,  the sawtooth pattern,  quick rise, slow decline

sawtooth is the new bart
We'll see, but really looks like the rest of the year since February, i.e., every two months a new trading channel about 1500 wide and each new channel 1000 lower than the previous one.

IMHO, price now has to break at least 7500 and more like 8000 to show a true change from this pattern.
Yeah, I've been watching it creep towards 6800 -- and hopefully more like 7000 -- before shorting it again. If it stays below 6800 that likely means that the price is just going to meander for a while, slightly downwards but not enough to make it really profitable.
Solid logic
For the past 4 months I woulds have agreed with you. This time however, I would say there's an 85&#37; chance you are wrong. The things that have changed are just too impacting and the amount of money that will flow into this space simply creates a market environment that is much more difficult to manipulate. Plus, why would market manipulators want to interfere with a real potential of another run to 20k and above? They would see the logic in waiting until higher price ranges to make a move.
[https://youtu.be/zveT0W-JCa8](https://youtu.be/zveT0W-JCa8)
:) 
im ready.
Binance.
Wtf
Hey whack job, F off. You might be the biggest troll we seen. Go back on your knees to Roger Ver. Go save the babies. Message me direct cause I have something Im going to warn you about. 
Yo bitch. You got 15 minutes. Youre already included in the interviews that will be carried out. Call me a fucking nutcase again. 
>ETF's

any timeframe?
If it was accurately reporting but it's largely nonsense. In many cases, if things are good in the market, they'll write about something that happened months ago and make the headline look as though Bitcoin is doomed. Or they'll just use a headline that implies something has gone terribly wrong but the article is just a TA that shows the coin price can go either way.

I realize that clicks and views pay their bills, but I just feel it's gotten out if hand. It's difficult to get accurate information if you use these daily crypto articles as a resource. Eventually more and more people may choose not to use them, and then what value do they contribute to society?
I think he was implying they are writing FUD articles because they have some sort of agenda. If true I would love to know more about the people and/or groups behind it. 
Lol
5
Iced tea?
What? Are you scurred of a lil stop hunting? 

6.6 now 
Thanks
>Virtual nation (v-nation): Far more ambitious than an online community, a v-nation is formed to create power and influence, and its members are bound primarily through an online presence. The v-nation contains or strives for all the elements of a nation, including leadership, principles, and loyalty. It may even claim ownership of a land to increase its presence.

I wonder what would define the common ground to create such nation. Otherwise, v-nations would pop-up and die like mushrooms...  


> Terror virtual nation: A v-nation, driven by fanaticism, that uses violence to promote its agenda. Its primary method of acting is through the time-release capsule analogy of citizens or warriors in waiting, ready to be activated via the World Wide Web. 

This already exists... its called Terrorist Cells. 
That's still $12M worth of BTC.
Is this just a guess? Or based upon a theory?
Do you think bitcoin will establish dominance and eventually be the only crypto after it establishes a static value and begins to.behave like a currency?
so if people simply don't feel like it's a space worth investing in, they lack imagination and vision? and they are the closed minded pessimists? that's my lol of the day. thanks broseph!
That's quite a claim. Now if you were bitmain and someone made a significantly faster miner, wouldn't you do anything to protect your position if that type of value were at stake?
Worth fighting for top position of fastest miner for sure. If DPW anteater is real, theiir company is in.jeopardy from larger interests.
Lol, it's rather obvious
https://youtu.be/D2Ey-h-KUXA
they wouldn't get it. Most of these yanks who live in a virtual seclusive environment with their ears clung to "a faux leathered cushioned casket full of nasty beats" are ignorant..may they be all in bliss...idiots
This comment is lit af m8 gj 100% legit420
Goddam, You must have a really good life if that bothers you that much.
Legit comment.
Dude that's not how English works...if a word enters common usage then it eventually gets an entry in the dictionary. The OED has an entry for "doh" as in Homer Simpson "doh" that they just put in a couple of years ago.
Ok, Lecturer.
le·git
[lijit]
ADJECTIVE
conforming to the rules; legal.
"is this car legit?"
synonyms: legal · lawful · licit · legalized · authorized · permitted · permissible · [more]
US
extremely good.
"their meats and sandwiches are legit"
synonyms: very good · superb · outstanding · magnificent · of high quality · [more]
ADVERB
truly; genuinely.
"his superhero outfit is legit awesome"
Definitely
BART was never a trend as it is not a term ever used. Ever.  
Rise on light volume, fall on heavy volume. In addition to other things, hints of continued manipulation.
It dropped below $6k in February then rose above $11k two weeks later before crashing again. 7500 or 8000 is not a change from the pattern at all. The overall trend is still down because the supply of new bagholders has dried up.
>The things that have changed are just too impacting

Like what? What exactly made BTC more valuable in July than it was in June?
I am also quite sure bitcoin will end 2018 with a Solid 10 000 dollar.
Thank you! ;) 
Chick with a dick?
Dude, I'm just kidding.
Is it about a tin foil hat shortage?
Ask the SEC
Yes, well pretty much. I mean I don't wanna sound like a paranoid conspiracy theorist lol... but it does seem they have an agenda to sway perspectives during key periods.
Which is $0.001 per capita. So I just bought for 10 million people that didn't buy today ($10,000 in BTC).
No.
Absolutely not.
>if people simply don't feel like it's a space worth investing in

Did I say that? 'Your lol of the day' really? Clearly your a kid, but that's irrelevant. I was a smart kid, so maybe you are too :).

Anyway, sentiment of the general public is highly influenced by negative information, intentionally manufactured to attract ad clicks and views, and in some cases they are paid articles to promote FUD. This is a known fact. Anyone that has lived through previous technology disruptions such as the PC/OS, space travel, cellular communications, post military internet evolution, etc, is well aware that most of the solutions that bring any of these technologies mainstream are simply not invented yet. So without vision, many people don't open their minds to accept things like Bitcoin or AI advancement, etc. They see only their present state and evaluate their future success without considering the innovation that will eventually bring them mainstream.

Now back to your comment - Until people are more open to adoption, we have to wait for time to do its job. Before you know it, you'll be swiping your smart phone to scan your Bitcoin wallet and pay for gas. So no, I was not simply refering to people not thinking it was worth investing in.
well, it irritates me more than anything else. and should you wish to slam your creator, I would advise that you do so, correctly. The word is better spelt as God damn. 
that is not English, under any circumstances...your lingo is atypical of that spoken in urban squalor
He's just a nasty bigot. It's fine to shorten common words for casual discourse and he probably doesn't shit himself unless it meets a certain biased criteria.
Simpson is a lampoon, admired by lampoons much like how you seem to describe yourself with your views, all put together..Fix your education system. And don't forget the maths. 
merriam webster classifies such terms as 'SLANG'...Definition of legit
slang: legitimate

it is also listed in the  Urban Dictionary: legit

To conclude, such gibberish slang or urban lingo is not English. It can rather be classified as Creole, a language that sounds like English, but is not quite English as the world has accepted and known for eons.
Eat my shorts, man
don't have a cow Lisa
It could be interpreted as 'walking the market down',  not really manipulation,  just large holders unloading with caution.
Transaction fees have plummeted! /s lol
'quite sure'. ..?
Based on what exactly? Tea leaves? A dodgy knee?
:)
Your hero is going to a house subcommittee than a Japanese jail cause he rejected USA citizenship and Bcash is gonna be exposed as the scam it is. He will be banned by the Japanese government to participate in crypto. Fuck with us.... you troll baggers 
thank you for your purchase...

-ring ring... he bogged - domp it.
you had me at "did I day that"... I couldn't go on. too much lol. please stop typing, I'm dying.
The internet is not the place for you if you get really annoyed by made-up shorthand.

Also, language evolves based on usage, and 'legit' may very well be in a dictionary soon.
How's life in the royal household?
le·git
[lijit]
ADJECTIVE
conforming to the rules; legal.
"is this car legit?"
synonyms: legal · lawful · licit · legalized · authorized · permitted · permissible · [more]
US
extremely good.
"their meats and sandwiches are legit"
synonyms: very good · superb · outstanding · magnificent · of high quality · [more]
ADVERB
truly; genuinely.
"his superhero outfit is legit awesome"
He doesn't seem like a native speaker of English.
It is your president rather, who is a bigot, and in the lack of a better word, a jingoist. And, I dare say, that it does not come as a surprise to me that his language skills are much akin to that of yours. 
I sincerely hope you find a good psychiatrist and diligently follow any course of medication you are put on. 
The English language has changed over the eons. Old slang words are now LEGIT English words. Old English would not be excepted as modern English. All new accepted words that make it into the dictionary start out as slang...that is how they become excepted words... through mass adoption. It is a lot like money. Nothing is money unless it is excepted by a group of people that hold it in good faith to be used as a medium of exchange between goods and services.
True.
You freaking nut case 
You're dying? Hmmmm ... that does explain quite a bit. I'm sorry it's too difficult for you to comprehend but I promise your ability to think will improve once you hit second or third grade. And again ... I did not say what you implied. As long as you assume or take things out of context, you'll never have enough credibility for anyone to take you seriously. But you're on here to troll anyway, so who really gives a shit what you think? NOBODY.
There is a dictionary out there that perhaps might champion or stipulate such endorsements containing unsurmountable amounts of gibberish gobbledegook used as a mechanism for communication these days. As a matter of fact, however, such half cocked terminology would never ingress into the "English" Dictionary or the Thesaurus. Not in the English dictionary from Oxford, I'm afraid. 
God save the queen
The fascist regime
They made you a moron
A potential H bomb
God save the queen
She's not a human being
and There's no future
And England's dreaming
Don't be told what you want
Don't be told what you need
There's no future
No future
No future for you
God save the queen
We mean it man
We love our queen
God saves
God save the queen
'Cause tourists are money
And our figurehead
Is not what she seems
Oh God save history
God save your mad parade
Oh Lord God have mercy
All crimes are paid
Oh when there's no future
How can there be sin
We're the flowers
In the dustbin
We're the poison
In your human machine
We're the future
Your future
God save the queen
We mean it man
We love our queen
God saves
God save the queen
We mean it man
There's no future
In England's dreaming God save the queen
No future
No future
No future for you
No future
No future
No future for me
No future
No future
No future for you

SEX PISTOLS !! 
and are you? and have you been to school in uniform? 
Anyone who doesn't listen or dress like Justin Timberlake, or who does not use words or sentences that contain terms such as "cool, awesome and your personal favourite "Oh my God" for every unprecedented predicament, needs a psychiatrist? And let me tell you something else, that you are amongst the so called "in crowd" that likes to listen, dress, eat, speak and do what others in your circle like to do. You either have no likes and dislikes of your own or you are simply afraid to be yourself, because someone out there might ask you to go see a psychiatrist. 

"Be yourself, By yourself, stay away from me, a Lesson learned in Life, known from the dawn of time. Re-spect WALK"...PANTERA !
you know I don't read any of your responses. wtf are you doing on here? crypto is making you crazy.
Mate, the OED is legit as fuck. God damn it why is legit not legit enough to be held within its bounds?
Mate.. in the past year 'hangry' and 'mansplaining'  have need added to the OED.
Sorry to be the one to break to to you 
https://public.oed.com/updates/

At least we can agree on Sex Pistols :)
It's very clear that you have some significant issues.
I'm beginning to think you are a pensioner ?
I didn't need crypto to make ne crazy, I'm already crazy.
BOLLOCKS !
