Daily Discussion, June 21, 2018 -- TITLE
Bort
Getting an extra pay this month --> directly to BTC  <3
[deleted]
This market ...
How is the market this damn predictable? Sitting at 6700 ? Get ready to drop a few hundred. The bot manipulation is real. 
[deleted]
Bart incoming...
I just got paid in Bitcoin (via my country's exchange, not Lightning or anything interesting) for the first time! That was kinda cool.
Capitulated but accumulating. I believe in the light after the darkness
[deleted]
anddddddddd........ down she goes
If it dips under 6k sell 25% under 5.5k sell 50% and if it goes under 5k exit all markets. Trust me...
I calculated. 

90% users on this sub are disappointed, desperate or upset. Best time to buy more ? 
"Paint a bull flag"
Head and shoulders?
[deleted]
KAPLUNK... Have a good trip. See you next fall.
See ya below 6k
5k here we come hopefully. Would be nice to buy in more. 
This is pathetic.  I wish it will either go up to 10k or crash to 4k.  As is, it's half-dead on life support barely hanging on to 6.5k.  

You can't go long or short, price is "stable" but no adoption.

Pathetic.
wtf?
5hrs ago everybody wanted to buy and prices stayed over 6700$ and when there was a slight drop, it was bought quickly.

Now price fell, RSI is under 30 in many timeframes and I see people selling tons of BTC at near minimum price. Cheap coins!
Btc on sale in India. Only at 5900$ now :)
[Real Bitcoin pricing 41.74% behind logarithmic McAfee curve](https://bircoin.top)
So I just picked up some more.  I have a feeling something’s about to happen very soon. Hopefully up. 
Is there a reputable site that will let me buy a PHYSICAL visa giftcard sent to my address and let me pay with btc?
**Lower!**
Daily Hopium:


4 years ago during a major bitcoin crash, this guy understood the truth:

—-
varikonniemi • 4y
Don't worry, it is just the big money flowing into Bitcoin which is trying to shake off all the weak hands. If you own 100k bitcoins and flood them on the market and crash the price you can probably get back 130k bitcoins when you turn around and start buying again.

This has been going on since the beginning, and it is ridiculous to see it working just as good now as then. People really have an almost nonexistent memory of the past.

—-

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/22qc1d/comment/cgpnqul

Clear bear flag on 4hr chart but I have a very loose SL bc I’m thinking the technicals don’t mean a thing right now and well who knows what the price will do.....
nice bullrun ...

/s
Wtf is going on? 
So, is Bitcoin a fraud or a frog? The virus is spreading BTW, dumping virus BTW...
Yeah today is payday. Put some savings in bitcoin (like every month) and bought a game using bitcoin. Live is good. :)

Shoutout to [https://joltfun.com/](https://joltfun.com/) for being a awesome webshop! 
Hello everyone  :) 
Can we please talk about this hash of 21e8 for fuck sake 
All we need is this kind of bull run!

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8suada/all_we_need_is_this_kind_of_bull_run/
anybody think we will see 10k by eoy seems so close but yet so far also thinking a few solid weeks/months above 10k would spark up interest again 
How do you guys day trade btc?
Double Bart pattern forming on weekly chart.
Most bullish of all patterns!
See ya 6.5k. My old friend!
What did I say we're never seeing 7k again I've been saying this forever now 
drop to 5k already so I can get in on this pump and dump. 
[deleted]
Thoughts on whether bitcoin is due for a price breakout?
[deleted]
For 2) think about it this way: if it divides into smaller decimals, all holders of coin would receive more coin proportionally. It's like a stock split. It doesn't increase the value, because each "share" is of lesser value.
1) No, the value of the remaining would go up to compensate.

2) I don't think BTC *can* be divided to less than 1 sat.

Even if it could, you are close to restating Zeno's paradox: just because something can be infinitely divided, does not mean that its value grows in the process!  I can slice a pie a trillion times - it is still one pie :)

Ok, guys, thanks for your answers. 
I know it’s absolutely ridiculous my patience is just wearing thin because market is being traded exactly like the stock market except in the stock market your Investment doesn’t see lower and lower highs almost every week I have no idea what we have to do to pull out of this manipulated market but it’s just getting ridiculous and out of hand I was just staring at coin base and three out of the four currency’s on there were exactly the same percentage wise that they went down there is not a coincidence this market is being completely controlled we keep seeing lower and lower highs at this rate I’m gonna be bled dry in another month or two although I’m still buying I’m just getting worried man. See thing I don’t get it if the price goes up and the manipulators or whales sell and price goes back down then how is it ever going to increase when no matter what happens they sell and the price gets suppressed right back down. I have no idea how it can ever double in price again if that happens every single time. They just won’t let bit coin get back to that 10 $15,000 range somebody please explain to me how that will even be possible with how they treat the market now any little bit of steam they sell and bring everything right back down
Blows
... will surprise you 
Is still great for its intended use!
I know what I’m gonna do I’m just gonna go take a loan out for a bit coin Then buy in every Friday and sell every Monday or Tuesday and do it again it it’s exactly the same thing Every single week goes down on Friday or Saturday goes up on Monday and Tuesday just like the stock market and I have no idea how we’re ever going to break out of that trend and go higher because the prices being suppressed by the whales when bitcoin goes up 2 or $300 they make a lot of money for the average go we don’t make crap . So again I have no idea how we’re going to pull out of this cycle But I sure hope we can raise $20,000 again
6600 you mean
Told ya to buy back at 6.5 k.
Done - 6400

Will go up to 6700 again in about a day.
Hey, I could have sold at 19k and rebought 3x the amount.  No-one can foretell the future.  Be patient.  
I wish I bought in at 9K. You think you've got problems, try doubling that figure. 
the fact that you think this way only shows us that the bottom is close, when everyone is as depressed as you are, it is the best time to buy =)
$9000 will soon be a great deal 
Most alts are complete shitcoins.  

Their promoters have the ingratitude to moan about their artificial prices being tied to BTC prices - they should be bloody grateful that there is any connection at all :)
There will be plenty of bag holders all the way down to $100.  

Trust me ...
Absolutely.  

Use up your credit card limit, take loans, mortgage your house, borrow/steal from your family.  Whatever it takes.  

There are people here who are convinced that it will hit 250k by 2022 (or they may  just be trying to get more suckers into the game to help with their losses).

She's dropping like a rock through every support level. Get on it! You can't go wrong :-)
.. other anti-dandruff TAs are also available.
4 dips in a row!  Ok, now it gets a little bit more interesting.
"Cheap" is relative.
Clarify please.
where buy online?
No surprise during a grueling bear market.  Watch what happens when the bull market starts.  Mcafee never said it would rise in a perfect curve upward. 
You mean any of you actually believe this BS?

Perhaps if you would spend some time understanding the "basis" of his projection, you will know it's 100% bullshit.
Paging u/crippledmaniacdemon
When is it getting back to 19000?
Right but then if he sells and gets even more bit coins and does this again and again the price will just keep crashing down if they can swing the market after bitcoin goes up a couple hundred dollars and we’re waiting for it to go up thousands he can make money by selling and have it only go up 7% sale then crash the market we have to wait till it goes up more in my question is how will it ever grow in price if they just keep doing this swing in the market like that never letting the market get steam before crashing it right back now how do we ever pull out of this cycle
4 hour looks too volatile to be a bear flag, it doesn't have the consistent drop-off in volume that you see in consolidation. I think it'll still break down in a few days because there are a lot of sell orders waiting around 7000.
Clear bull flag on the 1hr chart
Nothing.  That's the problem.
There's next to no support also...I see a black Friday sale on route!
I think it's resolved now. It's time traveling quantum AI, obviously. 
Youre kidding right
[deleted]
Nice. That kind of bull run is sure to leave blood on the streets, so it would still a good time to buy.
We don't want btc to go over 10k unless LN has been implemented. LN is a necessity for retail adoption, and the next bull run will be filed by adoption. Segwit alone will not cut it.
Several bitcoin bulls in the news, believe we will be above 25k by end of year.   I think 30-35k is possible. 
I start by selling a little bit of btc, then I wait a bit, then I buy back slightly less btc. 
Not well
Well you really can’t on days like today 
You misspelled bullshit.
Does your superpowers come from the underwear you are wearing on your head, Captain Obvious?
what kind of english uses "already" in the future tense? Is this English or your nonsense "ILLEGITIMATE" Lingo of deplorable proportions
maybe heading to, but not getting there... lol

Lol
The moment January dip ends and Chinese New Year money starts pouring in.
Go back to sleep rip van winkle.  When you wake up it will probably be back to 19k again 
That should be a wake up call.  

When's the last time you phoned your grandparents?
This^
Just to add to the explanation: A subdivision of less than 1 Satoshi on chain would require a hardfork.  I imagine if it becomes an issue, most nodes would support such a proposal and such a change could be accomplished without much contention.  Bitcoin has a fairly long history now of proposing and rolling out changes to the protocol when required.
The problem either applying Zeno's paradox is that it doesn't apply to supply and demand.  If you have a pie worth exactly 1 cut into 8 pieces, each piece is assigned a value of 1/8.  If there are 9 people who want  a slice of pie and each has a finite amount of resources to pay, let's say 1/4 pie, and the pie is being auctioned off to make it as fair as possible, inevitably at least one person will pay more than 1/8 pie for their 1/8 pie while on person gets no pie.  This represents the supply/demand curve.

Essentially the value of 1/8 pie goes up when person loses out on pie because of finite supply. One participant will decide the pie does not hold a specific value that the other 8 would pay.  That is the new price equilibrium.

If you cut each 1/8 into two slices, you have 16 slices worth 1/16 of a pie until there is more demand than supply, shifting the price equilibrium.  As long as demand and supply don't meet, prices fluctuate.
[deleted]
You don't get it.

The whales started accumulating way before 2017.  Created Tether and used it to manipulate price to 20k.  Now, they are slowly dumping (and pumping occasionally to maintain price) to cash out.

In the meantime, they hire "gurus" to talk up some fantasy price "in the future" to keep the bag holders in the game and sometimes bag some noobs in.
Nah I think we’re headed toward 5700
1. Price continues to drop

2. Depression sets in

3. ?????

4. Bull run 
What a piece of advice.
There is an update from zebpay exchange that they might be forced to stop fiat withdrawal due to the RBI order. This caused panic and the price drop. Usually Indian markets are at a premium compared to the global market. Today is our day to collect some cheap btc :) 
Zebpay app
Or, he's just crazy old guy with lots of goofy conspiracy theories who is wrong about Bitcoin too. I'll go with that one.
Ooooooor, we follow it for fun?
Let's just try for 7k first.
My guess is this fall（September-November)
2021
And rightly so. F them. Let it burn. 
It's a funky number
What makes you think this?
I ment what platform 
No ... wan't it wall street bonus? Yep, wait for that. 
Hahahaha ☝️
1988
Yes, you can see effects on inflation when new coin age is introduced or removed.  For example, a half cent removed from circulation.  This generally leads to prices being rounded up rather than down.
[deleted]
Ok then your saying why bother ? It will never be worth anything so I should just get out ?? I don’t have capital to trade man I can do nothing but either sell my $10,000 worth of cryptos or hodl them and buy more when I can. I started with $20k now I only have ten. Just wondering if there’s a bright future are we ever going to pull out of this crap of not I might as well kiss my last ten down the drain.
Damn, you are good
-3. Kill him
I see.  I would have thought arbitrage would even that price difference out?
Ok but time will tell. He’s the most extreme example of Hopium there is.  I’m skeptical too, but as they say in ghostbusters, I’m ready to believe. 

I think Tim Draper’s 250k by 2022 prediction will be pretty close.  His former prediction about 2017 turned out to be true. 
Could be. I heard a conspiracy that he was actually making about 100k per tweet, and the dick offer isn't a true offer but instead a clever marketing trick. Obviously this isn't the case, tho. Obviously. 
If dick eating is your cup of tea, by all means.
I like that guess
Youtube
He's a permabull who has been making wild speculations all this time.  

Zero basis other than the hope that his 1 BTC investment will allow him to retire early.
My reply got hidden for some reason. Trying again.  Mods if you are deleting this for some reason kindly message me why. Thanks

&nbsp;

Combination of several items:

&nbsp;

These bulls can explain it better than I ...

&nbsp;

Google the following (as mods won't let me post links apparently):

&nbsp;

Tom Lee predicts bitcoin to be 25k by end of 2018

&nbsp;

John Mcafee predicts bitcoin to be 15k by end of July 2018

&nbsp;

The Mcafee Dickline almost gets us to 30k by end of 2018 and one million by end of 2020

&nbsp;

Tim Draper predicts bitcoin will be 250k by 2022

&nbsp;

There are many price predictions above 25k for 2018  


&nbsp;

Finally, a look at the logarithmic chart shows a clear path up on the long term:[https://bitcoincharts.com/charts/bitstampUSD#tgSzm1g10zm2g25zl](https://bitcoincharts.com/charts/bitstampUSD#tgSzm1g10zm2g25zl)

&nbsp;

Not out of the question we could be above 30k by year end.  Remember, we have just endured a brutal \\\~ 6 month bear market.  Sooner or later it will come to an end and the bull market will resume.  When it does, it's going to surprise a lot of people.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8sx69c/2018\_is\_going\_to\_end\_with\_a\_boom/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8sx69c/2018_is_going_to_end_with_a_boom/)
Your name got me, and I'm ashamed of myself.
[deleted]
8k worth of crypto u mean
There's no bright future. Your first 10K is gone. It's  being used to pay for some dude's lambo. But you have the choice of either losing your remaining 10 by staying in the game in the delusional hope of getting your own lambo, or selling now and chalking up your loss to hard earned experience. Maybe go check out the advice on r/personalfinance on what to do with your remaining 10k 
It's fantasy money. You've got a few fake internet coins, there's no guarantee anyone would pay anything over $1 for one. 
I'm saying understand the market for what it is and just ride along.

I have been shorting it in bursts since 17k (when I sold my original batch).
Yeah it sucks 
I have no reason to sell anyway .. just accumulating btc at discount prices .. the difference between global and Indian price is 14% now btw. 
obviously 

https://mcafeecryptoteam.com/effect.html
Let the man live a little 
I provide plenty of basis.  You just don’t listen or care.  Suspicious...
Are you 12?  Holy fuck.  Not very bright.
Keep reading BS from "gurus" and learning from Youtube.
Congratulations, you are #2.
So you write irrelevantly 'what's next?' - then complain about the response not being relevant?  

On reflection I thought I was being rather harsh with you the other day, but no, you really are quite irritating!
What did you mean with "what's next"? Do you want to know if I have another question?
Maybe think I’ll double down there’s some good prices right now when bitcoin hits a hundred thousand I’ll cash out 
What if I buy little bits each week? I just don’t understand how well ever see a new all time high of people keep selling when it goes up a little bit. For guys like me that don’t have enough to trade I don’t know if it’s even worth it to hold the stuff. I believe in the future but I also believe bitcoin carries the whole market so I’ve stopped buying and worrying about alts. I don’t know what to do but keep holding at this point I guess forget about it for a few years like I did back in 2015. Problem is it wasn’t treated like stock market back then. 
Yeah, of course, go ahead and buy.  Good luck.
He makes a big impact on people who can't do their own thinking.
There is a difference between fact based analysis and hyperbole like McAfee and Draper.

Noticed how all these permabulls are now giving plenty of excuses for their BS?
Hmmm ... snowflake .... username checks out. 
That’s how I learned me
[deleted]
[deleted]
The entire crypto market got killed when the exchanges arrived and encouraged speculation.

It's now nothing more than an unregulated casino rigged against the players.  You see those price manipulations up/down?  One of the reason is to wipe out leveraged longs and shorts.

If you want to make any money, just keep a close eye on the long/short accumulations.


> I just don’t understand how well ever see a new all time high of people keep selling when it goes up a little bit.

Maybe we won't. Putting aside those that accumulated early and are cashing out whenever they can there are also those that bought late and are eagerly waiting for the price to bump higher to break even and escape the loss. If you need swathes of people to buy  the bags of early whales, miners and retail investors...maybe the bubble has popped and nobody will buy at such high price anymore? Ask yourself, would you buy now for 15k? No? Well, if everyone else is also afraid to buy overpriced asset and there are tons of people who camp on every price point up to 20 thousand waiting for any action to escape this is quite a problem.
Both mcafee and Draper have maintained their predictions. 
Oh.
Why do you assume that any of us needs waking up; or that our thinking somehow needs improvement?
Agree I just don’t see anyway how we’re going to pull up to new all-time highs like all these people are talking about
And to-date, both are wrong.
I second this question.
Nope. 

Mcafee said bitcoin at 15k by July 30th 2018, and one million by December 2020.  

Tim Draper said bitcoin at 250k by 2022. 

Last I checked it is June 21, 2018


Thanks for playing. 

Edit:  I’m am putting my reply to your statement below here, since my posts keep getting deleted. 

—-
“Everyone knows”?  That’s presumptuous. 

According to McAfee (who is not only inventor of his famed antivirus, but also a trained mathematician) his prediction is based on the several different mathematical models which all arrived at the same conclusion of > 1 million per bitcoin by dec 2020.  The mining cost model you cited was just one of them and whether or not it will come true is debatable. 

I’m not well studied on Tim draper’s methodology, so I will look into it further, but his number seems more feasible to me.   Adoption as a currency will happen in due time. Lightning network will help as it grows.  What is really needed is a killer user interface wallet/exchange that is idiot proof.  Once we have that, adoption will flourish.  
—-
[deleted]
Then you don't understand why they are both wrong.  It's not just the price projections (which by themselves are absurd), it is the basis of their projections which are flawed.

McAfee's projection is based on the increasing cost of mining and everyone knows that it's demand that drive price, not cost.

Tim's projection is based on replacing of 10% of fiat by cryptos due to increased adoption.  And everyone knows that adoption as a currency is not happening.  

What is really happening is that cutting edge payment systems like AliPay and WeChat is growing rapidly and threatening the banks, not cryptos.

Dude, what the hell are you rambling on about? :) Wouldn't admit that you were right about what?
“Everyone knows”?  That’s presumptuous. 

According to McAfee (who is not only inventor of his famed antivirus, but also a trained mathematician) his prediction is based on the several different mathematical models which all arrived at the same conclusion of > 1 million per bitcoin by dec 2020.  The mining cost model you cited was just one of them and whether or not it will come true is debatable. 

I’m not well studied on Tim draper’s methodology, so I will look into it further, but his number seems more feasible to me.   Adoption as a currency will happen in due time. Lightning network will help as it grows.  What is really needed is a killer user interface wallet/exchange that is idiot proof.  Once we have that, adoption will flourish.  
“Everyone knows”?  That’s presumptuous. 

According to McAfee (who is not only inventor of his famed antivirus, but also a trained mathematician) his prediction is based on the several different mathematical models which all arrived at the same conclusion of > 1 million per bitcoin by dec 2020.  The mining cost model you cited was just one of them and whether or not it will come true is debatable. 

I’m not well studied on Tim draper’s methodology, so I will look into it further, but his number seems more feasible to me.   Adoption as a currency will happen in due time. Lightning network will help as it grows.  What is really needed is a killer user interface wallet/exchange that is idiot proof.  Once we have that, adoption will flourish.  
Every time I try to reply it gets deleted. Wtf  

I’ll just pm you. 
