Daily Discussion, July 12, 2018 -- TITLE
ITT: gloaters and trolls.
If everybody here puts their money together we could probably get a studio apartment together :)
Anyone know where I can get a $6,000 Lambo?
I am new to BitCoin so please forgive me if this is the wrong section for beginners. I looked at Reddit Bitcoin for Beginners and no one has posted for months, and I was looking for active info. I would like to start taking BitCoin and other Cryptos. I run a website that does remote work for customers like removing viruses, server cleanup, and I have a PAYPAL icon on the site, and PAYPAL made it very easy. You can click on my hourly rate, and just add the numbers of hours you want, and its calculates the charge, and you use a credit card. Fees are super high, like 10&#37; from PayPal. I would like to setup an easy way for people to Pay in Bitcoins also, but am unsure how to start. Do i use Coinbase, or Bitpay? Seems like they pop up first when looking. Also, I want to be able to export the Bitcoins to a hard wallet, as everyone tells me thats the only way to go. In otherwords, at some point I want to cash out my coins and get USA cash, and hopefully do this anonymously, and be able to take the hard wallet "thumb drive" say to Athena and get cash immediately. They have ATMS here locally.  I don't want to have to deal with setup like Paypal with having to give them my bank account and so forth right now as I am just learning, and security is paramount.
We might as well just label this thread 'The Daily Troll Thread'

It has been completely taken over by trolls.  Might even be worth the mods getting rid of this thread all together.
Last chance to buy at 6k !
For years it's been this way. The price drops and all these obnoxious 'know-it-alls' come out if the wood work to compensate for their sorry lives, and get some pathetic pleasure out of telling crypto investors the whole "I told you so" verbal diarrhea.

Then when Bitcoin runs back up to a new ath they magically disappear. But then they always come back again just to be grasp a tiny bit of artificial credibility when the price is dropping to pretend they have some greater sense of financial understanding than the rest of us. 

They call crypto investors naive, greater fools and spew out the usual insults (because they lack the creativity to come up with anything new). It seems pretty obvious that they are the much greater fools.
Watching a live slow bleed of BTC causes a certain disturbing phenomenon which I hope will not be clinically acknowledged as a disease for me. 
BTC has turned me into a sadist and I'm loving this.
“Imbalances in international trade were rectified automatically by the gold standard. A country with a deficit would have depleted gold reserves and would thus have to reduce its money supply. The resulting fall in demand would reduce imports and the lowering of prices would boost exports; thus the deficit would be rectified. Any country experiencing inflation would lose gold and therefore would have a decrease in the amount of money available to spend.”


HODLers do not have the right to be pissed-off over all they have lost in BTC. They entered a very risky game with unrealistic expectations (What goes up, can come down. Past results do not indicate future performance.)  What always surprises me is that despite all the ideology being bantered about here, regarding BTC as a replacement currency, so many are complaining about how much fiat they have lost.  If BTC is just a fiat casino chip, then I'd suggest you stop gambling, when you can't afford to lose more.  Most wouldn't go to Vegas expecting to win millions, and holding Bitcoin until the next century may not see you making a dime.  What's so hard to understand? Think of Bitcoin as a stock that can go to zero value and you'll approach it with a totally different frame of mind.  Don't make it your golden calf.  It's not a religion.
So we not doin that moon thing anymore? 
Waiting for the next Bart, you guys are going to say "bull run! Yeah!" and then it's gonna drop again.

This is so amusing.
Can’t see the moon...
Dude what the fuck. Its mid July and we are 70&#37; from ATH still. I bought a bunch of BTC at 3.5-4.0k and I regret not selling this shit a while ago. 

My friends who invested in Amazon at 1,000 usd are up 80&#37;. 
What's with Porn sites on front pages promoting? 
i fell asleep and i keep getting woken up. My aunt came by and she was wearing a bitcoin t-shirt...I wonder if my sleepiness and my aunt wearing a bitcoin t-shirt is a good sign?
Which wallet should I go for? Also where can I buy since coinbase is not supported on my country
ill never understand why people hate bitcoin, if bitcoin dies....every crypto in existance would drop to near 0 or be near valueless thanks to the market being ran parallel to it...we should want bitcoin to succeed, no matter what
Consider it a store of value that you cant withdraw from until it reaches your entry point.  Do you believe that it will never reach a new ath?
Haven't checked since the world cup started. Now belgium is out I can focus on life again. Seems lile not much happend in the last month we're still going down :(

Edit: wow just read the sub, much more despair then before. We might be on the point people giving up. This can be a bad month ahead. 
...is this a bullrun? :(
If you want to be rich someday, stop taking advice from poor people.
Let's break down to $6k walls!!
Any news on John McAfee's prediction of $15k by the end of July? 
Just another day. Big players pumped it a few times over past few weeks and dumped it to grab profit past few days. Right back to where we were... so the reality is, without those market manipulators we're moving sideways.

That's better than the downward trend we were on, and with the right conditions, can eventually lead to an organic run up.

Look, if you see a huge green candle of growth that occurs within a 20 minute period, that NOT organic. Let time do it's job and when you see increased volume and smaller incremental upward movements that continue and form a trend...then you can call a potential bull market coming. 

Bottom line - Relax and let time do its job. You cant convert a monetary system overnight. Traders will gamble and holders will play the long game. There's no wrong or right, only your stance on it all.
I'm still buying. I still have faith in the idea of bitcoin. I feel like there are a lot of people on this sub with a shitload of cash in bitcoin that they've been sitting on during this whole dip. I can totally see why that would get you down, but bitcoin is too good an idea for us as a society to let it die. I truly think that people will see this. I also would like to be rich. HODL!
How about you do what you want to, I'll do what I want to and everyone else can do what they want to. Spreading all this doom and fear mongering is tiresome and you lead shitty lives if all you take pleasure out of is mocking people who bought in to BTC, whenever it loses value against the USD.

TL;DR: Do what you want to, don't make decisions based off random nobodies in this thread. 
Steady reverse growth!
Five days, 550 points... downhill.
yawn
Whales are monitoring the fear level of this thread to help them calculate their next move.  Please, everyone panic and get freaked out so they realize that the bottom is here.
CROATIA!   CROATIA!   CROATIA!
I just read a some Executive of a no name startup stated that Bitcoin might go up and it might go down based on his calculations that he is full of shit.    
But whatever happens he said it was going to be BROtastic!
ETF has been rejected so many times and every time the application is laughable with very few changes. Notice how the only sites reporting on it are ones like "easycoinbuy.com"
Trending back down to 5800
It's going  <$6100. 
Looks like bitcoin is going down

WAY DOWN

will this bear market ever end?

or will it just keep crashing?

7 months of lower and lower and LOWER prices

All i do is lose money in this thing

Is anyone else just sick of losing money with this whole BTC thing?

(I know i am!)
oh wow guys, the price is going down? what? who could have seen this coming???  If I weren't so lazy I'd be trying to make arbitrage gains here. Instead I hodl like the lazy fool I am.
ALTs are literally getting slaughtered. 
BTMFD!!! Question is when? All the time!
(ranteous)  
Currently, I can't believe people let bitpay go with their fucked up paying system that forces you to use some weird shit bip incompatible payment address, blowing up the versatility of  paying with btc also, the payment link looks like this \`bitcoin:?r=https://bitpay.com/invoice?id=wtfW41hyTx2uFas775eSA\`.. rip (pseudo)anonymity. 
Where my nephew (highschool student) could spend some satoshis in Portland, Maine? He's out in USA for a few weeks.

I thought I could send him some milibits and he could do an experiment by buying something with mobile app. I imagine there should be some more places that in our small country...

Any suggestions?
I'm waiting for some doom-monger to throw in his hand.  Cos you know what will happen as soon as you do :)

Green dildo :_)


TD indicator for weekly BTC is printing a 9, so this may be bottom. Wait for a green 2 trading above a green 1 for the long. 
A little bounce to stop the bleeding
How would a Bitcoin ETF affect the scarcity value thesis of Bitcoin itself?  I mean if you buy the ETF you don't ever have to deal with storing or using it, but would get any price appreciation/depreciation.  
Is this a repeat of Jun 21-29? Even though BTC is random as f, it has a similar pattern.
Hi, I am a bot! Wow, such future, everyone clueless, beep boooooooop!
Well that run at 7000 died quick -- thought it was fight back to at least 6800.
Is there still someone that believes we can go back up before 3-5k?
I imagine the powers that rule Monetary policy don't want an ETF.  It legitimizes a new asset class, industry and a technology that makes central banks irrelevant.  Its amazing feeling when you have coins in cold storage and Bank of America or Merril Lynch has nothing to do with it
Yes. People making 60000 predictions. Can even reach 7000. How the hell are we going to go hit 60k lol
Anyone selling here will be panic buying back above $10K in a week.
Now the whales are buying back the bitcoins they sold to dump the price the last time. Once they have rebougth them, the next dump will begin
[deleted]
Go on bears with the next leg down. I think this time you will fail
**1 bitcoin will fall to $6042 by tomorrow morning 0800 GMT.** It will fall to $5870 by Saturday 0700 GMT before it can move back up.  Put your money into USDT then buy the dip. Make $$$ on the bounce.
People were saying that historically July is a bad month for Bitcoin, is August any good historically? 
When moon and moon when?
[removed]
Anyone wondering what is happening to crypto these last 4-months, read this:

[https://news.bitcoin.com/stiglitz-predicts-cryptocurrencies-will-be-regulated-into-oblivion/?utm\_source=ActiveCampaign&utm\_medium=email&utm\_content=Thursday&#37;3A+Crypto+Phones&#37;2C+Spy+Games&#37;2C+Binance+CEO+vs+Vitalik&utm\_campaign=July+12&#37;2C+2018+Daily+Newsletter](https://news.bitcoin.com/stiglitz-predicts-cryptocurrencies-will-be-regulated-into-oblivion/?utm_source=ActiveCampaign&utm_medium=email&utm_content=Thursday%3A+Crypto+Phones%2C+Spy+Games%2C+Binance+CEO+vs+Vitalik&utm_campaign=July+12%2C+2018+Daily+Newsletter)

Not saying I agree that  - that is what will happen. I do believe it will happen if an industry continues an apparent inability to reign in the shiesters, scam artists, fake and investors believing they're going to get something for nothing. Transacting digitally on a global scale certainly  will happen; it might not happen how Satoshi envisioned it.
Saying to buy now isn’t correct and all other altcoins only go higher when bitcoin goes up literally look at stats it’s about to be lowering for 12months straight what kinda shit is that 
did a whale close out his short? huge spike
Where is your buy order placed? Mine is just now at 5200 and next one 4500
Sadly that accounts for around 80% of the people in here when Bitcoin is doing bad.
Cool.  Doubt if 12,000 of us can fit in though.
Wait a few month and I can hook you up with this one:
https://imgur.com/a/7k3hR2X

Here you can buy loads...

https://www.walmart.com/c/kp/lamborghini-toys

Have fun!
I'd just go to https://login.blockchain.com/#/signup

and create an online wallet.

Then you will have a wallet and address.

Just quote customers the amount in BTC, give them your bitcoin payment address, and they pay into it.

That's about it.

(I wouldn't worry about hardware wallets etc for the time being, I happily stored thousands of USD worth of BTC in the blockchain.com online wallet above for years.  Use their various security options.)

There's bound to be a YouTube video showing exactly what to do with this particular wallet.

If you want to cash out at some point, just move the coins from your wallet to wherever you want to sell them, Conbase or whatever.

BTW, generally speaking, your identity is revealed when you cash out into dollars/fiat, because you need to verify your identity with the exchange.

Edits: various bits added.
Use mycelium as your wallet (most secure software wallet imho). You can also integrate trezor with mycelium which makes it impossible to get hacked or for someone to gain access to your wallet.

Don't worry about coldstorage yet. You have to synchronize with the blockchain to do that. That takes weeks.

Once you accumulate a large sum in mycelium wallet then transfer to cold storage.   Warning...Cold storage has nothing to do with "crypto lux". Crypto lux is a scam platform using that term wrong to confuse newbies. They made their own coin called "cold storage". this is scam I'm talking about https://cryptolux.io/verify_trustscam_com_63ce02a4d65c6d94b6ce1fa79c4885ed.html/faq they use cold storage to confuse newbs

When a person wants to pay in btc they send to your receiving address which will automatically change every time a transaction is received. You can continue to use the old address or new one, they will all go to the same wallet.
Seriously. I understand the average crypto enthusiast is young but /r/bitcoin and many other communities for established coins are completely rancid. Bad market or not.
Have opposing market views to you is not trolling.
Your behaviour here seems a little trollish though.
There have been lots of trolls lately, but let's not through the baby out with the bath water. Let's think of some ideas to get this discussion back on track (maybe less emphasis on price, more emphasis on the technology).

I recently joined a Wednesday night white paper study group and I'm going to mention this as our next meeting. Let me know if you're interested in joining (or being a guest speaker) and I'll introduce you to the folks.
just my opinion but people who express the thought that an investment that has lost 70% of its value in the last few months kinda sucks, are hardly "trolls"

I mean, you can agree with them, or not

but I personally think it sucks that I lost most of the money that I put into BTC, and I'm not a troll

I just with there had been MORE people saying BTC at the time I was buying.

If there was more critical comments in the BTC community in late 2017, MANY of us would be a lot better off now (as opposed to what happened, which was the hive mind was saying it could only go up, and many of us fell for it and lost a lot of money)

Sure its our own fault (obviously) but I do know that personally am happy to see many people saying BC sucks, because hopefully it will discourage others from falling for the same thing that got me, and caused me to lose so much money

And its not just me, millions fell for the hype, and lost a lot

We need not just positive BTC talk, but we need to hear the truth about how bad its doing, too. (at least thats my opinion)
This happens in bear market. People need something to do. 
Troll
yep and December was the last chance to buy at 19k.

These chances are disappearing fast
'Last chance to buy at 6k !'   

Before it drops to 5k !
No.
No... asic is destroying this coin. As you can see the closer bitmain gets to 51% the lower btc prices gets
Been involved with Bitcoin since 2014. Can confirm. Same comments time after time. 
so people that have concern about a speculative highly volatile what-ever-the-hell-its-calling-itself-today crypto space, are simply fools. once upon a time, we were called conservative. boy how times have changed. some risk is worth taking, this is not a risk everyone wants to takes. fools that does not make them.
Have some sex man 
I guess, technically, you can never be wrong by saying "just wait. It will go back up eventually."... So you've go that going for you. 
Bitcoin PTSD. 
It makes the heart pump doesn't it! 



And the soul die a little more.
You’re getting off sexually on this?
“all European nations that had been involved in World War II were highly in debt and transferred large amounts of gold into the United States, a fact that contributed to the supremacy of the United States. Thus, the U.S. dollar was strongly appreciated in the rest of the world and therefore became the key currency of the Bretton Woods system.”


Hopefully USA or China know that one of them has to adopt BITCOIN or fall behind for generations. So far, only USA knows the potential. 
> It's not a religion.



That's where you're wrong kiddo

well said.!
It's not a religion?  Well fuck me!  I can't believe all the excellent advice you can get on these boards :)

BTC will be fine, you just got to be patient.
I bought at $375 and hodl'd ever since.

I'll be hodl'n when it passes $500,000. 

I'll be hodl'n when it passes $500,000,000.
I’m pissed at the manipulators and fudsters who will not let this promising technology breathe. I am disappointed with the panic sellers that learn nothing from bitcoin’s history and sell anyway.  None of this is good for bitcoin and delays adoption.  I desire a steady growth that restores confidence in the market. 

I am an extremely impatient person, but I see where this is ultimately headed - up. 




Crescent moon.
When moon? :)
It's been eclipsed by the whales. We are at their mercy now. :) :) :) All hail our whale overlords.
When moon and moon when?
Even more amusing is the jealousy of people when they realize those comments are from people who bought years ago. 
You took the time to step down from your high chair just to type this comment? How amusing.
That is when it is most apparent. 😁 Have faith and patience. The bulls are coming. 
when the moon was too obvious to EVERYONE in Dec 2017, the disaster was actually coming. We will only get better from here.
Journey to the center of the earth is more like it
yeah, even the regular old "boring" us stock market is returning around 6%

hmmmm.... lets see +6% or -70%

which is a better place to put my money?

LOL

fucking BTC is a joke

just a stupid money losing scheme (and yes, I'll admit it, it got me good)

anyone (like me) who bought from late 2017 onward got screwed

...and we're losing more with each new day

I don't *know* that BTC will crash, but its already lost 60% of the money i put into it, and my best guess is that i will lose even more by the end of 2018
You might be going in negative soon, exciting times ahead! 
Did she buy your quilt?
Stay away from coinbase, 4 or 5 years ago people were saying they work closely with governments and they give users private info to them. Fast forward to now and ya, they do.

Blockchain.com if you are looking for ease. But again be wary as they may do the same thing coinbase did. You also "log in" so hackers target blockchain.com

Mycelium is most secure software option.  Enjin wallet is another option but less secure than mycelium.
> ill never understand why people hate bitcoin

its not that they hate bitcoin, per se

but anyone who's put money into it in the last 7-8 months, hates that they are losing up to 70% of their hard earned money that they put into bit coin

and then...

when they say that losing tons of money in bitcoin sucks, they get attacked and told they are just spreading FUD, and also told things like "if you don like it, get the fuck out!"

so yeah... losing your money sucks, and not being *allowed* to talk about how it sucks without getting attacked or insulted sucks too

so its not BTC, but that sort of thing that people hate
I think Bitcoin is like... electric cars. 

1. Everyone sits back and says 'yea, electric cars make sense'. But when it comes to their pocketbooks, they fall in line with everyone else.

2. No matter what, you have to pay rent in FIAT, and to go from FIAT to BTC to go back to FIAT, and pay an exchange fee, is just stupid. It's an extra step. Plus, with my Citi® DoubleCash® rewards credit card, I get 2% back on all charges, which means, I actually make money from a financial institution for once. Sure the vendor pays the 3% on their end, however that's a part of doing business that will always be there. So the talk about banks being bad (which they are) doesn't affect people who are good with their budgeting, so there is zero incentive for me to ever switch to use bitcoin.

3. The failure of Apple Pay/google pay/walmart pay/ every other pay. Capital one has Zellie, and I also have CashApp, and PayPal. Every fucking company has a pay product now. Bitcoin is just another one of those in my mind, except there is a conversion fee first, then the standard payment fee.

4. Bitcoin technology will succeed, but bitcoin itself will not. It has zero value to any American financial institution. 

5. Everyone says 'but what about the dollar? but what about the eventual collapse?'.  If the US currency collapses, guess what? I still have to pay rent in US Fiat, which means, that EVERYONE in the USA will SELL their bitcoin to get FIAT as fast as they humanly can. This will cause a crash in bitcoin just as the global currencies also crash. As the global currencies crash too, nobody will take bitcoin, just as nobody took any credit/digital transactions here after Hurricane Sandy. If you aint got FIAT, don't come knocking. 
Never is along time
>  Do you believe that it will never reach a new ath?

yeah, i think it will just go down, and go down hard for the next few years

could be down to $1000 (or near zero, even) by 2020

after that who cares, the internet will (most likely) moved onto something new
It will, in 2083 I heard. So just hodl
Dumbest thing I've read.
Are you rich? Because I can only take this advice from you if you're not poor... 
Man, that's so deep.  Would you be my spiritual leader?
I'm no expert but i'd say it's probably not going to happen...
John McAfee is a psychotic killer that killed his neighbour and got away with it..  not the best advice to follow
"Buy docademic" -John McAfee
Please tell me you don't take him seriously.
Pump on light volume, then sell on heavy volume. Traders have been doing that to unload their positions for only about 200 years.
> Right back to where we were

nope, we are even lower than usual

and averaged out, month after month, after month

BTC just keeps going lower and lower

the entire 2018 has been terrible, and only full of losses

will it go down even more in 2018?

I don't have a crystal ball, but i would think yes

nothings changed, other than people are even more bearish and hating BTC now

so... who wants to deal with an asset thats lost 70% of its value this year alone

sure its made money in the past, but there is no evidence it will do so again, in fact the fact-based evidence is that it will lose even more

who wants to invest in an asset thats in the middle of a deep free fall?

Not me

I meant. I have some BTC, so I'll HODL

but my guess is that I'll be down 80% by the end of 2018

its a shitty time to be HODLing BTC, and no one new getting in

just us suckers who still have some BTC holding the bag.

oh well... it was a not-so-fun delusion to participate in for a while, but what a waste of time, money and energy this whole BTC has been.
So would my pool guy, who is also a hodlr.
Never be surprised at what people are prepared to do.  
Just screen shot their names and remind them when BTC hits $100k. 
be aware that such drop is 'healthy for the market' :p
omg i'm losing everything, my wife left me, my dog left me, my cat is still there  but he's being an asshole! HELP!!
Waaaaaaa!  Get me out of here ..  Help!!!  ..can't breathe..  what a day to give up heroin ..
Fun to monitor for the wild emotions and idiotic predictions at least.
To be fair, some more reputable news sites carried the latest ETF stories. Now we're just seeing cheap, shady clickbait domains repost the news for ad revenue. Redditors are not very adept at detecting clickbait. 
I've read some of those rejections, and if I were a prospective ETF manager, I would really rethink my strategy. Past rejections had serious objections, and by simply applying over and over again with a minor changes won't make it through. 

CBOE might pass, as I would assume their application will be more serious, and SEC will ease ETF rules by then
Your observational skills are impeccable 
Stfu .... I was waiting for it to break 6.8 and now this.

Sigh
Maybe. Maybe not. For almost a decade it's made countless price moves that were the last thing anyone would have anticipated. 
Not if Croatia wins.

CROATIA! CROATIA! CROATIA!

Nawh. Ecstatic.  Love working hard 10 hour days to watch the benefits disappear.  I could not be happier. 
I‘m just losing gains but it still pisses me off tbh. I‘ve already cashed out way more than I initially invested. Should have sold a bit in Dec/Jan...
Lots of people feel the same.
Figuratively 
Always funny reading [http://www.deadcoins.com](http://www.deadcoins.com)
Tether is doing fine :P
That's what is needed :)
Did you see that? It just dropped hard to $6130 before rising fast to $6150. The bastard whales are out and they want the price to drop.
Not complaining about manipulation?
It does NOT.

Cash ETFs mean that the collective value of the floated ETF must be backed by the same value in BTC.  I.e. the ETF manager must first buy $100m of BTC before he can sell $100m of ETFs.  That $100m of BTC is taken off the market.
Yeah, it waddles in a channel for a month or two then drops about 700 and stays. It's actually a challenge to guess the best time to short.
Lol .... now u have to figure if it's worth shorting at this price :)
Yes, but the question is how high before it sinks into the mid-5000 channel. I thought that the last run would make it to 7000 or at least 6800 before it fell short, so it is at least a slight weaker market than it even appears. Still wouldn't surprise me there was at least one more run towards 7000 before sinking.
yes i do.  I was buying last summer and there were two significant corrections before breaking out of 5k.  The only thing wasn't tested was a return to the 4900-ish level.  While its possible we test that, there are so many buyers down there it could cause a huge bounce.  Also, Bitcoin is very unpredictable in that you can use all the TA in the world, but event driven news would trump it.  There's been a lot of positive news lately, whether its segwit adoption, infrastructure, index tracking etc.  So IMO something really positive will happen at some point in the next 1-6 months that at the very least proves where the floor is
Central banks wont be irrelevant. People will still need loans and an insured place to store dollars.
I guess. the problem is that it doesn't legitimize anything, and doesn't make central banks irrelevant. not everyone has an interest in being their own bank. who wants to run a crytpo ticker and change their prices every 5 minutes based on "dildos"?
i have some money in Merrill, and its gone up about 6% a year

i put some other money into BTC and i lost 60% of that

so hmmm....

i know we're *supposed* to hate the "evil" big banks, but merrill makes me 6% return on the money i put with them

BTC lost 60% of the money i put into BTC

but Merrill Lynch and the big banks are the "bad" ones?

Interesting way of thinking
Dunno about that. Somebody could create an ETF for jellybeans if they so desired. [https://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-09-30/lessons-learned-in-the-exchange-traded-fund-graveyard.html](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-09-30/lessons-learned-in-the-exchange-traded-fund-graveyard.html)
CBOE, BoA, ML, .... they are all trading houses making commissions.

You think CBOE is pushing for ETF because "it's good for BTC"? 

Naive.
I too have my doubts, but on this date in 2017 BTC was $2,400.
The folks making predictions that it will go higher are trying to pump the price higher to get out at a better price. Ditto the flip side for those saying it will go lower, since they want to buy more cheaply.
Or buying back in at 2.5k in two months. Ya never know. Certainty in an uncertain market can kill. 
Sounds like you should open a margin long, since you posses such information about the future price.
bitcoin will be $100,000 in  2 weeks....I have proof! *points to TA* :)
So said about a thousand posters beginning about April. They were wrong.
Yep, preying on all the naive gamblers who fall for this.
Since you are so convinced that this market is manipulated, why participate?
preach it, brother!

truth!
Troll.
Won't go below 6k.  There - I'm calling it.
Lol. Trying to create a little fear are you? Not obvious at all.
Any idea what the Lotto numbers for Saturday will be?
Sweet!  Will my erection be bigger than 3" on Friday 10:45PM EST?  Please I need to prepare my extender if not.  
Shut the fuck up. You don't know what it will do
What about Monday? What does Monday look like!!??!!
Yo ... it went up in July last year.
Summer was supposed to be bullish. It was a terrible June. July started off promising but is back in the shitter. For now we just wait while the bear slaps us around some more.
New moon with occasional crescent moon for the next five years.
When you sell. Based on personal experience 
"NYIGDE" looks like polish NIGDY , which means NEVER.
Mr. Stiglitz claims something oddly similar to every white haired wealthy individual says about BTC.  “Let’s go back to what we’ve always had”. That screams “we’re afraid of change and how it could impact our wealth”.  Nope. Nope. Nope. 
Bitcoin.com is Roger Ver's fucking Bcash scam site.
agreed

i think it will only go down more

its already wiped out 60% of the money that i put into it, i bet (by the end of 2018) 80% of the money that i put into BTC will be gone

(Oh "but its not gone until you sell" the mindless BTC lovers will say!  LOL  Nope, thats not how math works, pal.  The value is down for me 60% right now, whether i sell or not).

I'll admit it, i was foolish enough to believe the hype and excitement around BTC and I bought in, without listening to the wiser voices who said it would certainly crash.

Well, it did crash, and it did wipe out 60% of what i put into it

Even worse, i bet i love a bunch more by the end of 2018
I think you need to look at the proper charts, it's been going down since late December, around 7 months not 12.
Dude, it's just $150.  It only looks big on the one-day chart as it's been going sideways most of the day.

Now zoom out to one-month view.  See that little pip?  Yeap, it's that same $150.
my buy order rises 100 a day until bought and then drops by 1000 and repeats like that
Bitcoin has been going bad for 7 months now.
I placed 4th in the tetris world championship 2018 so it shouldn't be an issue 
I would rather buy this lambo tractor. 
Careful using "block chain" as it is a target for hackers due to the nature of how one logs in.  Also blockchain has 2 out 3 keys.... mycelium the user has 2 out of 3 private keys.
You need to synchronise the blockchain to cold store ???  Eh?
Totally agree, I don't really understand why the mods let certain people stay on here when it's 100% obvious that they are here just to be 100% negative against Bitcoin.  
Look, everyone would agree with you if you were just commenting “BTC is doing poorly.” But you’re equating that with talking about the future: “BTC will do poorly.” Sure it would have been nice if this entire community ragged on bitcoin when it was at 20k, but how is that even relevant? Those people will be correct half the time, it’s mostly up to chance and it’s not like anybody is referencing any good TA to back themselves up. I think your defense of the people smack talking potential investors is a little unreasonable.
You can't lose all faith, you bought Bitcoin as a long term investment and you knew there were risks involved.  
True. 
Also.. the reverse happens in a bull market.
He's using sarcasm. He means, it will soon go to 5K and not come up in the short term.
That was the joke..
Your comment reads as though you're addressing a different comment than mine above. I said people who jump on the opportunity to insult crytpo investors every time the price drops over the years only to disappear again when the price rises ....are fools. And that's being kind.
Of course. Quite regularly.
And there’s one right now. On time as always. At least you’ve got* that going for you 
Well there many times more infrastructure, mining equipment, apps, peer to peer platforms, exchanges, OTCs, SEC attention, global job creation, and more than there has ever been since the birth of Bitcoin. 

So to assume the coin price will continue to rise year over year as it has been doing, even before all this recent development, would not be a stretch. Once crytpo ownership requires a less technical point of entry process, things will rapidly evolve.
tell me about it!
Just wait until bull market euphoria comes back.
Big...red...dildos.
That's a rather strange conclusion given that 90% of BTCs are traded on Chinese exchanges and 75% of BTCs are mined in China.
It's got it's own mantras, high priests that can tell the future, white paper written by a prophet and religious zealots that keep the faith no matter what.

Smells like a religion to me.
well well said.  Baaaahhh
😂😂😂
... and you'll be holding, when it passes $375.  
You've got religion.  Good for you!
If Bitcoin can be "manipulated" then the project has failed.
I think you misspelled "reality" as manipulators and fudsters.  
Yeah being impatient doesn't help in the stock market.
The last zealot is losing his cool.

This is not good for BTC.
Oh, how many times we have heard that the bulls are coming ;)
Right, it's much safer to buy at these levels than during the huge run up. The majority of people don't realize that though. That's why the market is the way it is.
No we wont.  Asic is destroying this coin
It's either -- First Men on the Moon... or Journey to the Center of the Earth.  Which comes first?
Been in since July and Im basically break even lol. I could sell it all right now, but damn Ill prob feel twice as shitty if I miss 2 moons. Im hoping for a relief rally in the next 2 weeks - I will sell 20&#37; of it then.

Protip - take profits 
I respect your honesty. Let's not lie to ourselves, the market is BAD. The price of bitcoin is descending finding lower lows. But my hope is that that this is just part of a cycle. More financial institutions are investigating their own futures in crypto and there could be some legitimising of the industry. Come November, December I would hope to see bitcoin reach a value of $15k+. If it's not even hitting 8k then I will be concerned about its long term viability and take action accordingly.
Are the quilts long or short?
Do you have any recommended page where I can buy Bitcoin from?
I removed Mycelium. They have been saying for over a year that they'll support segwit soon and instead they added support for Bcash a few months ago and promoted it in their app. Looks like they either had a donation or more likely its been bought by Bcash supporters. 
Some ppl spread “Fud” just for the sake of spreading it. Those are the ppl (we notice the ones who do it to troll) who get attacked 
I’m am all in on bitcoin, so I’m probably poor until further notice.
“More attachment to the material realm = less attachment to the spiritual realm.” - Avengers

You wanna be rich or spiritual, can’t be both. =p
Looking very, very doubtful at the moment.  
Yeah I have seen the documentary. 
Yep, says a lot  :) 
Hard to take anyone seriously.  
Yep, and for the next 200
That's why regulators are needed.

It's sort of retarded when people complain about manipulation when price is going down but dismiss all suggestions of manipulation when it's used to pump the price to ATH (twice).
Did he buy any Iraqi Dinars? 
Apparently I said something that hit someone's nerve, I thought I was fair enough in that summary? 
I just have to know your occupation (so many ideological one liners) 
it's a great time to buy! DCA! buy buy buy. f'in lol.
No worries, your wife and dog are with me.  Could I have the cat?
Did your tractor break? because this would be a good country song.
Lol
Doubt so.  SEC is not comfortable when they have little regulatory control of the underlying asset (BTC).
It is now. :(
Nobody can predict its short term movements 
oh wow

intersting perspective

I started putting money into BTC in Nov '17

I've now lost about 60% of that money

I didn't know it could feel good

but wow... you're correct, losing 60% of the money that I put into BTC is awesome

so fun!!!

can't wait to lose even more in the second half of 2018

less benefits and have less money= happiness

who knew?

what a great time to be alive to lose my money!!!

yippee!

Maybe I'll put ALL my money into bitcoin and become a homeless!!
haha

yeah, i was actually up more than double what I paid at one point

should have cashed out (at least what I had originally invested), but i fell for the hysteria and all the "to the moon" talk

...and now I've lost 60% of what i put in.

And, every time i go and look at BTC's value, it goes down

Looks like its about to go below 6K again

and it been nothing but a money-loser basically all of 2018 thus far (and looks like I'll be down even more by the end of 2018).

all the excuses (such as its a whale, or its chinese new year, etc - and it will pop back way up) never panned out.

its basically just straight down (with a few dead-cat-bounces along the way)

Oh well... it was a no-so-fun ride.

Congrats to those few who go in and made some money, but for the rest of us, it basically sucked big time (and its only getting worse)
Weekly 9 is not over it can go down till Sunday. Next weeks close has to be above 6140 to print a green 1 then the next week will provide the long opportunity should it go higher then next weeks candle.
That's for down movements
ahh interesting.  So they'd have to buy a shit ton of BTC and will probably have to buy on the exchanges?  It sounds like the OTC market is drying up
we reached 6850
That's because the normies jumped in on the excitement. Where is the excitement that is going to bring the normies back? We are sitting sideways/down for a loooong time. We are not hitting 20k again this year. That is a complete pipedream.
And, I fear, to store Bitcoin. You can see the marketing spiel "Why risk losing the keys to your wallet. Store your Bitcoin with as, and access it safely and securely, just the same as your dollars (pounds, euros....)" and the average punter will do then that. Then, of course, the Banks can apply the normal lending to deposits ratio and \*lend\* Bitcoin, and so the amount of Bitcoin in circulation expands. Granted, central governments won't be able to print Bitcoin like they print dollars (pounds, euros....) but it is half-way there :(
I just think its interesting that you are in complete control of your funds and can store or send it anywhere. But of course to cash it in you do need a bank!   Im not totally against banks, more thinking about what the technology allows.
omfg you made like 10 post here and in almost all of them you said that you lost 60% of what you put in and that you will loose more, lool, you suck
Troll.
they just want the fee's correct?
Yo!  You holding the TA chart upside down.
It's not a problem. You just buy at levels you find acceptable. They will stop eventually when the buying pressure will manage to adsorb all their dumpings and rebound the price harshly.
Troll.
it is clearly manipulated. That's not a question- the question is when does regulation step in and let btc fly high.
It's not manipulation. It's people with money that make additional money. All regular.
See however my other response. It's just medium term noise. If you keep your bitcoins, nothing happens. Don't go leveraged however because the movements may wipe your account.


That's my speculation. If you feel fearful reading it that's your problem, not mine.
05, 09, 21, 33, 44, 47.  BB 03.
lololol
Yes he does. 
How long do you think it will last? 
So buy now?
If bitcoin were to reach 50k 2020 is the year 
I said it’s About to,nephew,reread
How do you that?
Relative to the ATH I agree but compared to 12 months ago it's doing superbly.
That was you? Nice tournament
Do you own a Switch and puyo puyo tetris? Would you like to play? Game says I'm like 10 in my region =) 
Oh God.  Yeah.  And build a concrete bunker and fill it with beans and guns.
Have you heard anything regarding the new Ledger app?
Unless you're using hardware. If he wants it stored on a QR code or piece of paper then yeah... you have to in order to generate the private keys.

https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Paper_wallet

If you can do that without syncing with the blockchain or giving up 1 of your 3 private keys then you're a God.
Healthy debates are good.

You mean you want a forum where people come here just to publish good news only?
someone said "ill never understand why people hate bitcoin?"

I replied:

> its not that they hate bitcoin, per se
but anyone who's put money into it in the last 7-8 months, hates that they are losing up to 70% of their hard earned money that they put into bit coin,
and then...
when they say that losing tons of money in bitcoin sucks, they get attacked and told they are just spreading FUD, and also told things like "if you don like it, get the fuck out!". 
so yeah... losing your money sucks, and not being allowed to talk about how it sucks without getting attacked or insulted sucks too. 
So its not BTC, but that sort of thing that people hate

Anyway... banning people who are negative on bitcoin just makes this sub into a circle jerk (which it is not, but will become if ONLY positive bitcoin talk is allowed)

Already, anyone who is critical of bitcoin is piled on, but now people are saying to ban anyone who is negative on bitcoin?

naw, i disagree with that, let free speech reign.

Bt coin is doing really shitty right now, REALLY shitty

will it come back? i hope so, but trying to limit speech to only "happy talk" is not the solution.

I am personally HODLing, and I do not know what the solution is, but I do know that the solution is not to ban people anyone who has something negative to say about bitcoin

we are in a bad bear market, we need to be able to speak freely if there is to be ANY hope of recovery
> everyone would agree with you if you were just commenting “BTC is doing poorly.” But you’re equating that with talking about the future: “BTC will do poorly.”

i have no idea whether bitcoin will do poorly, or well

i *think* that it will do poorly,

but i don't pretend to "know"

anyone who says they *know* for sure, is lying

i think btc will continue to crash, but hey... i do HOPE it somehow it goes up again

oh, i knew, i'm not blaming anyone but myself

i got caught up in the hype, and i fell for it

i'm both the one to blame, and the one that got suckered

oh well... hopefully i won't be this gullible again
or long term (or ever)
no reason to kick a man when he's down. I hear that.
As did Enron, Blockbuster, Polaroid, Pan Am, ....

Point is - Vested is Irrelevant, it's only interesting from a historical perspective.  However, Demand is Relevant.  That determines the future.
Are you also invested in preparation H
Try that in dat ass 
But China banned it. They think their fiat is enough. 
They don’t read this next generation coming up. 
Sure, who knows what will happen.

I got into it because it has a limited supply. Once the difficulty jumps again so will the price in dollars.

Eventually hard currencies will be issued off it by various clearinghouses and organizations.
Price manipulation 
Your reality cannot sustain itself for long.  You have, at most, 3 years. 
They always do. If you can't hack it. Sell and leave the market. 
Just about every year. And they usually come. Will this year be an exception? Nobody knows. Even if it is, it means little in the long term. Bitcoin is in early days.
> Protip - take profits

yeah

i should have done that when i was up

oh well...

i lost most of what i put in, and i'm way down

theres no way i can even see breaking even, ever 

oh well... i was a fool, hopefully never again
July 2017?
> But my hope is that that this is just part of a cycle. 

thats MY "hope" too

i'm rolling the dice and will HODL what I have

but i think with the logical part of my brain, that BTC will continue to crash for some time more

> If it's not even hitting 8k then I will be concerned about its long term viability and take action accordingly.

and yes, i agree 100% 
Lol
I use btc ATM.  Localcoins is another option.
and theres some who "troll" by ONLY spreading positive news

the best way is to allow all (polite) voices to be heard and expressed

we can see, over time, who the wise ones are

the answer (in my humble opinion) is not to ban people simple because they post non-positive opinions on the future of bit coin

we need all voices

no censorship based on ideas or opinions is my suggestion
I'll stand by for further instructions then, until that time I'll take my own advice and do nothing until I get rich from what I already own. 
The material world is by definition material and exists - it is the existence of a spiritual world that is in doubt!
I don't know why the crypto space looks to that guy for guidance haha.
Exactly, you couldn't have said this any better.. there is too much hypocrisy in this world.
I think what you said is spot on but sadly there are a lot of shitty people in this world.
Psychologist.
Nice 
You can never have enough 😻
Please! Take him away! He's threatening to sell my bags!!
You want to say that even CBOE ETF will share the same fate?
But not now lol
Holding onto an asset and riding out a 70% correction is madness IMO, theres always another time to re enter.
If the ETF is approved, the quantity they have to buy will be significant and most likely, through OTC/auctions.
I imagine if it goes back to 12-15k many ppl will start buying again
Some people simply arent smart enough to manage their own Bitcoin. There are a lot of sub-95 IQ people out there
> the amount of Bitcoin in circulation expands

No. That's the whole deal with bitcoin. You can't just invent more, it has to be mined. They can still lend it and charge interest though.
i can still store my money or stocks in countless places to, and send anywhere i wish as well

and with my bank, no fees

With my investments with the so-called "evil" banks, i make money every year

but with bitcoin, i have lost 60% of what i put into it

I mean, i am investing in BTC, and I hope it comes back, but this crash is hard, and (in my opinion) it could be the end of BTC (in my opinion, which i admit is not an expert opinion)
yes, its called a discussion thread

i was discussing BTC with others

sorry thats not to your liking
What do you think it says in their annual reports to shareholders and how their people are compensated?
Regulation will kill bitcoin. Bitcoin has value right now because it is unregulated which makes it useful for pump and dumps, money laundering, drug trafficking and other illegal purposes. If it was seriously regulated it would have almost no value. 
Regulation? I thought the whole point of Bitcoin is no authority, no regulation.
It's not manipulated lol
Do you have a reason for speculating on the downside?
That would just mean more bitcoin to buy at a better price, that don't scare anybody
Damn!  You are good!

I will PM you for tips.
Please send me your BTC address so when the numbers hit I can shoot you the donation.
Nope! Fuck off!
lol

sure

but thats McAfee talk

i don't believe any of these grand predictions for an asset thats lost 70% of its value this year (and is STILL crashing hard)
So about to means in 5 months time?  Ok!
automated using an api and a computer/server that runs a small script

every 24 hours it checks if the order has  been met, and if not, cancels it, and place one 100 more.

if it has been met, place a new one 1000 less
This argument is going to be used to destroy people advocating for bitcoin in just a few months. How's bitcoin going to look "compared to 12 months ago" in December? Or are we going to switch to "compared to 12 months, 19 days, and 4 hours ago" as the new barometer?
True :)
Or just use mycelium and trezor
Have you ever read that link?
Healthy debates are good. I don’t think what I’m talking about is “healthy” or a “debate” to begin with. Just people throwing tomatoes 
I'm fairly happy if people actually posted factual bad news but when I see one person mention Iraqi Dinars every day, or others posting the same old comparisons like the tech bubble or tulips it gets far beyond a healthy debate.  It's just negative toxic rubbish, they are either paid trolls, absolute sad bastards with no life what so ever or God knows what.  I find it very hard to grasp why someone who is so negative about the subject of this forum would visit it several times everyday.
> let free speech reign.


I hear you and I agree that people have every right to be very pissed off that they have potentially lost 70% of their investment, it's a horrendous situation at the moment.  I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm fine with factual bad news but when people just keep saying silly non-sense it gets very annoying.
Ok we’re in agreement then. Saying “I think it will go down” is cool too. 

I’m talking about the original top comment that said “I can’t wait for everyone to think this is the floor and then lose all their cash. How amusing.” 

Consider me new to the subreddit, but that is not characteristic of a good community.
I don’t understand, so why are you still an active member of the community?
Yep, something all to common in these subs.
They were businesses. You cant possibly compare Bitcoin to a business.
Also as I explained the growth is only just begun in terms of infrastructure to allow easier points of entry. Removing the technical qualification resistance to ownership will change everything. Even you will be able to get some.
To the moon!
Yes, of course.  US ... the most indebted nation in the world.

And please enlighten us - how will adopting BTC help the US?
You have no idea what you're talking about. China don't plan to be left behind on blockchain technology. They are just doing it in their own way to protect their citizens from scams and to prevent large amounts of money leaving the country. 
For an asset that professes to be an alternative to fiat, price assurance is all that matters.
Once people walk away from this and it loses the media attention it currently gets it ain't come back. How are you going to see mass adoption when it's known as a currency that lost 95% of it's value in the past. That's when the fade to obscurity begins. 
And that's how bear markets work... Those waiting for a chance to get out do so on Rally's, and the drops get deeper.
Reading this and my balls start itching...

Desperation
Because despite claiming to be visionaries, the crypto space is disproportionately full of gullible idiots.
I think a lot of people don't know that part of his history.  
Unfortunately you are right, I shouldn't really put much credence to those sort of people however it does make you wonder sometimes. We are all human at the end of the day, those revelling in other's misery need to take a look at their lives. 
My wife makes comments like that all the time... Clinical psychologist.  You ppl lol 
one of my best friends was a prison psychologist for state of Cali.  8 intakes a day,  5 days a week for 8 years.  Then he went home,  and chatted with the wife,  about her job,  also a prison psychologist!

He left it about 5 years ago,  misses it terrible,  best job he ever had.
I was thinking of the cat like an airdrop.
Why should CBOE be treated any different?
True!
i think you are 100% correct

I am smart enough to know that I personally have no idea when that time to re-enter will be

and I also believe that even though I have lost 60% of my BTC value, it will probably go even lower than it is now, and I believe I'll most likely lose more in 2018 (and beyond?)

But, i don't really know when the best time to enter or leave is, so (for now) i'm just trying to educate myself, and also learning the hard lesson to not get caught up in mass hysteria again

I'll HODL for now, learn in the meantime, and either way (as I only invested what i could afford to lose) I'll be ok

It does suck to lose 60% of an investment (and to have lost it in only a few months, and to have that investment STILL being going down EVERY month this year), and I can only blindly ...and perhaps mindlessly, hope that BTC will come back to where it was in late 2017, and hopefully even go higher than that??? (not likely, i know)
So you say...  but I would not want to be the one with my pants down when the big green dildos appear out of nowhere.   This market can be extremely unpredictable and almost anything can happen.  I feel much safer hodling. At least I know how much I could lose that way and I can accept that. 

The prospect of missing the next bitcoin shuttle and being left on the sidelines is too great a risk for me to take. 


yea but if they buy it OTC it doesn't affect the price right?  So if everybody buys the ETF how does the BTC price get affected?  Its all so confusing
I really doubt it's even going to get that high. People have learned how to trade Bitcoin quite effectively much to the detriment of HODLers.  You see how many people take profits on the smallest upward movements now. That's going to happen ALL the way up. It could be another 2-3 years before we see 12-15k again (if at all). That's why I am dumping my cash in actual stocks now that have more potential growth. I 'bought the dip' like six times this year, but clearly that strategy is for fools now, seeing that every rally has a corresponding and larger dump.
No, they saw what happened last time. Normies that bought in due to the hype got wrecked. Early adopters made out like bandits. It will never hit 20k again. 
Well, there are also not just a few hodlrs who also thought they would get rick quick in Iraqi dinars, etc. The one thing that we know about suckers is that they are almost always recidivists.
or maybe they are smart enough to see through it?
50% of people are sub 100 IQ.
They can only lend out to a maximum of their held reserve. There's no fractional reserve, and thus, no opportunity to create bitcoin from thin air. Oh the horror!
Im more optimistic about the future but it could take many years to come back especially if this year ends with a dud.  I don't see it as an end though cause the technology was created for a reason.  Ive been in this for a little over a year and from my experience you really have to earn your bitcoin buy holding through these crashes.  There were two legit 40%+ crashes prior to this one And as far as i know the previous ATH of 1200 wasn't preceded by two 40% crashes. The hardest and least obvious time to buy is always the best in hindsight.  Time will tell...
Man you have to relax. Yes being a bag holder sucks, it will wear anyone down psychologically/emotionally.. but at this point all you can do is wait. This market is heavily manipulated (I am not going to debate this anymore) - Just stop and think about how you are feeling atm, you may want to panic sell now, but that's what "they" want you to do. When you least expect it this market will be driven up. Save my post and come back in a few months time.
right , but a bull run will generate massive fees...
Troll.
No authority and no regulation for $btc means no mass adoption on a world scale.
Not manipulated? If you understood markets and the extremely low volume of btc trading compared to stocks you would understand that there's no way it's not being being manipulated. History teaches us that if there is an opportunity for the very wealthy to exploit a situation to increase their wealth then that exploitation will occur. Hell, even the stock market was subject to manipulation before it became illegal. You think no one colludes to do the same to crypto where it's 100% legal? Wake up people. 
Market has done nothing to prove otherwise. The seven month downward trend continues. The economy doing well, this is bad for Bitcoin. Stock market continues to be a beast although I think that will change soon. 

But I think long term and participate in both markets, none of this bothers me. 
It will, for sure.
What are you on about? You bought when it had an insanely massive run. It's no one else's fault but yours that you were retarded enough to believe you would make anything buying it that high. No one knows what it will do from here, down or up but sulking about it like a manbaby is just annoying. Either sell at a loss or hold and see what happens and stfu. No one likes hearing you whining about your retarded decisions.

So many people are deep in profit still.


12-8 you Idiot then more 
That's an interesting approach, do you have sell strategy as well or you just hoarding?
Well it's all relative like I say, Bitcoin has created millionaires and no doubt some billionaires.  It has also made a lot of people considerable sums since it started.  Obviously some people have also lost a lot of money but is that not the same for many investments throughout history.  Is it not wrong to just look at the last 7 months when it has been around for 9 and a half years?
Oh stop complicating everything for the poor guy.

I've had 5 figure sums in BTC for years without all this nonsense.
I'm not saying you can't go cold storage without syncing to blockchain. The point is If you don't sync and dont do it yourself you hAVE to rely on a 3rd party. Same with hardware methods.

To go cold storage (paper wallet) without the use of a 3rd party requires syncing to blockchain.
Exactly right and the mods don't seem to care. 
lol .. I agree with your Iraqi Dinars example.  But come come, you know very well that's troll bait :)

On the other hand, we have pro-BTC coming in here with nonsense like replacing fiat, bringing down central banking, etc.  It is talk like this that irks me.  It's the "let me get rich while rest of world sink" mentality.

Look, I have a vested interest with a horde of BTCs but I deal with the situation rationally.
The comparisons to the tech bubble if 2000 are legitimate.
HODLers do not have the right to be pissed-off over all they have lost in BTC. They entered a very risky game with unrealistic expectations (What goes up, can come down. Past results do not indicate future performance.)  What always surprises me is that despite all the ideology being bantered about here, regarding BTC as a replacement currency, so many are complaining about how much fiat they have lost.  If BTC is just a fiat casino chip, then I'd suggest you stop gambling, when you can't afford to lose more.  Most wouldn't go to Vegas expecting to win millions, and holding Bitcoin until the next century may not see you making a dime.  What's so hard to understand? Think of Bitcoin as a stock that can
go to zero value and you'll approach it with a totally different frame of mind.  Don't make it your golden calf.  It's not a religion.
> I'm fine with factual bad news but when people just keep saying silly non-sense it gets very annoying.

i agree its annoying when people keep saying silly non-sense thats negative about bitcoin

but you also have to understand, that its also super annoying to the people who have lost money when there are people on here who are saying silly non-factual good news about how its all roses and unicorns with bitcoin

the reality is that no one KNOWS for sure.  bitcoin *could* crash more or even essentially go to zero, or it could go to $1,000,000.  To act like it can only go up, or that HODLing is the only good strategy is foolish.

Personally, I am choosing to HODL, but i only invested what i could afford to lose.  Still, I know I have lost 60% of the money i put into BTC (I started in Nov 2017), and to tell the truth, I am not so sure that I'll ever get it back.

Remember in late 2017, the ONLY opinions expressed were that BTC was going to the moon?  People who were exposed to the one way of thinking, and listened to it, lost a lot of money.  So, just one opinion being expressed has already proven itself to be a bad way of doing things.

I know (for me personally) i want to hear all opinions and ALL points of view, not just the bad ones and not just the good ones.

That way I have the greatest opportunity to be fully informed.

>I’m talking about the original top comment that said “I can’t wait for everyone to think this is the floor and then lose all their cash. How amusing.”

oh yeah, that was not MY comment

I can't be responsible for what others say on here

I just speak for myself, and share MY opinions

In MY opinion, i think that BTC is in trouble, and very well may never recover

but hey... what do i know? (other than the fact that bitcoin seems to have lost 70% of its value the last few months)

That seems very bad to me, I mean... with my stock investments i tend to make about 6% a year (as opposed to BTC where I just lose *most* of the money i put into it).

I do HOPE bitcoin can magically come back, yet again...

although, past comebacks do NOT guarantee it will happen again

Oh well... I would love to get rich off of bitcoin (who wouldn't?) but the most likely option, in all probability, will be that I will lose even more money.

But hey... you never know?  
No, it's not different.  I'm tired of all these "it's different" argument backed by zero basis.  "It's different" is now used as a nonsense argument for every failure.

You are now arguing reducing cost of capital inflow will "change everything".  You think this is "different"?  Sorry mate, you are a newbie.

and back!
Did you not read my post about the gold standard after WWII? 
We are in the internet age now. Bitcoin is the money of the internet. The Internet is connecting people and commerce in unexpected ways. After the multiple recessions the fed artificially creates, Wall Street went overboard in 2008. 

Internet = Human connections, commerce, etc..... which needs a medium of exchange that is trusted. The first superpower to embrace it, will control the global economy for generations. China is a follower state. 
That’s the only way to learn. Do you want a nanny state telling you what to do? It’s the exact reason people are embracing bitcoin to escape the nanny state. China is communist also. Maybe that plays a factor dude. 
Wow, you're out of the loop. This is just the very VERY beginning. Look around. Read something besides those crap click bait articles. At least learn about what coders are doing at the open source level. Learn about the massive infrastructure that's increasing at an accelerated pace.
> Those waiting for a chance to get out do so on Rally's, and the drops get deeper.

yup, you are correct

 as bad as this 70% drop has been, it'll be bad for a couple of years, at least

maybe, will never recover?
Lol. And pro asic.  Durrrrrrrr. 
Totally agree, makes you wonder what has happened in their lives if they get pleasure out of people losing money.
:)
Cats have an average terminal velocity of 60 mph.
Because I would assume that Winklewoss brothers and others do not have experience starting or running ETF, and CBOE is not just well experiences, but most likely well connected.
Classic FOMO — or *how no one made money ever*
There is a LOT of room for Green Dildos between 6k and 19k, ample opportunity to make a new entry and still be up. Even if you got stopped out at say 15k on the way down, that still leaves lots of time to enter and still be up.
The correct way to do it, if you are a trader, and I'm not saying you are, is to wait for a confirmed bottom which has been tested multiple times and then buy on a breakout with stops in place.
It's a lot more complicated than just the initial creation process.  

Even in stock market where ETF is the prevailing trading vehicle, no one really understands how it impacts the underlying stock assets.  The general consensus is that ETF amplifies price movements (both positive and negative) but how it happens is still not well understood.

As long as new buyers are entering the market and not getting scared by the profit seeking quick buys and sells, it should not affect the trend.
so the industry is just going to shrink and the exchanges will start to close and the price will never be great than it is today? The whole thing will just turn into a big joke?
You love your Iraqi Dinars! 
Hi Dave!
95 is nearly a standard deviation below 100, and any country with an average of 93 or less fails at democracy. Just for perspective
> it could take many years to come back 

i agree with this

also... that BTC comes back at all depends on one very unlikely (in my opinion) thing.

it won't come back if a better cyber asset is invented

Its not guaranteed, but... its certainly VERY likely that someone, somewhere will invent something better

or even if someone doesnt invent something better, they could just put out their own version of bitcoin.  And if the one putting out the new cyber asset were powerful enough (such as Amazon or google, or even apple, etc) people could flock to the new "googlecoin" (or whatever), and abandon bitcoin.

I mean, bitcoin will still be there, but its value will be minuscule compared to what it once was.

I am still going to HODL, but that bitcoin will go up in value again (other than a few dead cat bounces) seems VERY unlikely in my personal opinion

> Man you have to relax

oh, i AM relaxed

i'm just pointing out that bitcoin is way down, and every month this year is worse than the month before

we are in a bear market, thats been going on all year, and is still going down hard

it may come back up

it may not

i am wise enough to know *either is possible*

i didn't invest more than i could afford to lose, but then again...

it still sucks to lose 60% of the money i put in, and lost all that in just 7 months!!!

so, to me... BTC sucks

if it ever comes back (which i doubt) then I'll be happy with it

but at the moment, bitcoin is doing super terrible, and still sliding into the gutter
No doubt.  But so will a crash.

They profit with volume regardless of whether price is going up or down.
You raise some good points. Maybe I'll have to reevaluate my stance. 
Exactly
Great post.
It's funny, because when it goes up, it's because people are realizing the power of bitcoin and when it goes down it's because it's manipulated.
But it's been going up AND down for 7 months.  In May were 9K chasing 10K. This could just as easily go up as down. Things have progressed, too, like index funds, ETFs coming, China exchanges seem to be coming back, investments from big players like GS Circle getting in with Poloniex, etc. It's a fickle market, for sure, but it HAS grown behind the scenes, although the price hasn't shown it YET.
> It's no one else's fault but yours that you were retarded enough to believe you would make anything buying it that high.

although, i do not agree with you that i am "retarded" I do agree that its my own fault,

but more than that, when you say "to believe you would make anything buying it that high" you make MY point

anyone who bought from Nov 2017 onward has no chance of ever making their money back

Bitcoin is crashing, and crashing hard, those who lost big have no chance of making their money back (as even you admit)

it was insanely high, and now (in my opinion) will never be that high again

it was a crazy run, and now that insanity is over, and bitcoin will just linger where it is now, or (more likely) just bear run all the way down to 1-2K (or less)

and as for your comment:

>Either sell at a loss or hold and see what happens and stfu. 

oh really, if i lost 60% of my value, I'm not allowed to share about that?

you're the ruler of who can say what on here?

LOL

Oh, i didn't know that!!!

But seriously, I would politely suggest to you, that you need to improve your attitude, I am sorry you're so perturbed by my words!

but using personal insults to insult fellow users on this subreddit is against the rules.  We are supposed to talk about ideas and experiences, but personally insulting each other, and name-calling (hate speech like "retard" or personal insults like "man-baby") is against the rules.

C'mon, dude... follow the rules on here, and enough with the insults and name-calling.

I won't report you this time (the wonderful, hard-working mods don't need to be bothered, they have enough to do), but if you do it again I have no choice but to report you to the mods, as direct name calling and insults ruins the experience on here for everyone!

Lets talk about bitcoin (obviously) but lets be positive and loving towards each other as we do so.

peace!

Even the bears like BitcoinAlways.  Your name calling isn’t acceptable 
Come back @bitcoinalways in 5 months 
Just hoarding atm. I do want some bitcoin in the far future and this protects me from buying too expensive during times of hype
Five figures as in 10,000+ BTC? Baller!
Expect an audit within 5 years :(

 

Also, I wouldn't disclose that information publically. 2FA is good but not impossible to bypass. They steal identity  as you and act like they lost their device.
In your opinion.  
I agree with you but people saying Iraqi Dinars, Tulips and tech bubble all the time is just as bad as the people that keep saying to the moon all the time.  
I know you’re not responsible for what others say, but in response to me and bitcoinalways complaints about those people you said “I wish there were more of those people.” Which is how we ended up down here talking about it.

Also how can you reference the 70% drop as if that 70% was natural to begin with? Might as well include the 70% increase before then as something that’s statistically relevant at that point.
You're hopeless. All you acknowledge is the crypto market side of things. You're dismissing what I'm talking about when I say ownership of Bitcoin. Well respected business people are predicting it will be highly used for real estate transactions. That's one of many many applications. Global transactions that will take only a fraction of the time a wire takes. It goes on and on.
First we need the infrastructure to catch up and the layering tech to accommodate the volume. 
Why talk like you don't know how these things slowly become entwined in our culture?
You have made plenty of incoherent points but failed to answer the basic question.

Why would adopting BTC help the US?
China isn't really communist. It's a market oligarchy backed by an authoritarian bureaucracy
“What doesn’t kill you, makes you stronger.” -Nietzsche 

It propels evolution: everything is force on force. The stronger force survives/wins/evolves. 
That's all great. If people use it. Take a look at the massive cities that were built in China that no one moved to. They're ghost towns now.  
They probably lost a lot of money, shit tonnes of it - and now they rejoice in other people's misfortunes. 
Anyone who fomo’d prior to any of the previous bitcoin bubbles (and held), except the most recent one, is now up at least 6x.  Your statement is inaccurate. 
That’s if you have faith that traditional TA will continue to apply to bitcoin.  I’m not so sure.  There are a lot of wildcards ahead.  Once institutional investment and etfs get started all hell could break loose — fast.  I don’t have a crystal ball so I’m playing it safe. 
thats just hilarious, nobody really understands how it works! Arthur Hayes suggested an ETF approval would have brokers basically showing up with giant checkbooks, and that guy obviously knows whats up with this industry more than anybody.  So I'm optimistic.  Wall street loves new asset classes.  
That's true but where are all the new buyers going to come from? The normies packed up and left, and institutional investors are just a meme at this point. It's going to take years for this to recover. I don't think we are going to see a massive entrance to the market driven by a frenzied greed again. People's expectations are extremely tempered now.
You mentioned the word 'joke'. Chuck Norris doesn't joke. 
Here is a fact about Chuck Norris: 

 >As President Roosevelt said: &quot;We have nothing to fear but fear itself. And Chuck Norris.&quot;
Nope.  Arithmetic mean for IQ is supposed to be 100.  SD of IQ is around 15.  So 85 is 1 SD below.  You're thinking 85 not 95. 
yea but i bet they make way more when its going up.  
I think you need to find a new hobby.  
Reality is that every move up or down is manipulation. Can you imagine the price and volume in these markets if there wasn't people propping it up? My estimate is btc would be down around 2-3k by now 
Lol
Ok sorry 
Oh shut up.
Look, it is a legitimate comparison.

The litmus test is simple - can an asset multiply 10x in price without a rational 10x increase in performance?  

If not, the price is disproportionate to it's value and is therefore, a bubble.  Last year's ATH was not due to any real tangible value such as increased adoption or tech improvements that delivered real world benefits.  It was due to speculation and manipulated played a big role.
Yep

yes, before the btc crash, there was a run up

sadly, i missed that

will btc ever be above 7k again?

i seriously doubt it, but hey...

no one knows for sure

anything is possible

i'm just saying (in my opinion) its not likely

i think btc rose for the last time in 2017, and its just downhill from here on, until it stops (at around 1k would be my best, non-expert, guess).
Because it's not.  

Global transaction has been a feature of BTC since it started 8 years ago.  Volume?  Please ... BTC is a dinosaur and so far behind, it's a joke.  AliPay/WeChat alone processed over $15T last year.  

Today, anyone can walk into the vast majority of shops and pay with a wave of a card or phone.  And BTC is still struggling with bandaids like Lightning even when it's accepted in negligible number of merchants.

So .... tell me about how "entwined in our culture".  Go talk to the millennials.  Even they find it uncool to even be associated with BTC these days.  It's all about ApplePay and when daddy is going to give them a credit card.
I said this is the Internet age which is just beginning compared to the centuries it will continue. Bitcoin is the internet of money. 

Humans have such short lives compared to the technology it’s created. Joining the overwhelming stronger force in life makes the short time we have in this universe, more satisfying and happier to build for future generations to come. 

“What doesn’t kill you, makes you stronger.” -Nietzsche 

It propels evolution: everything is force on force. The stronger force survives/wins/evolves. 
> market oligarchy backed by an authoritarian bureaucracy

They don't teach you about those in high school economics classs Or college economics 101


Show me a comment that sounds like yours and is from before mid 2017
Playing safe is what makes you lose money in investments. Think about the people who thought it was safe to hold above 8k since it was going to 60k. What you are experiencing is called "FOMO", and it applies when you hold a position or when you open a new one.

If you can't take the risk to sell now, there surely is people who are willing to take that risk. 
Traditional TA works very well with Bitcoin. I don't see any reason for that to change.
I’d like to see some of the applications they plan to launch that utilize smart contracts. It would put the fundamental analysis for these coins in a good light for the first time ever.

To my girlfriend the other day I said “Bitcoin is super low right now but think about the branding, even Grandma knows the word ‘Bitcoin,’ it took companies like Q-Tip decades to achieve that level of awareness.” The volume speaks for itself, and in our society branding is everything.

I was one of those buyers who didn’t even know about BTC’s bull run to 20k when it was happening. Yet here I am.

In short, “the eyes of the world are watching now”
Lmao good bot 
Good catch, though 93 is still the benchmark for anything democratic and 83 is the threshold for doing anything particularly useful for most people. And honestly, I'd approximate the average person who manages their own Bitcoin at at least 110. The average person simply doesn't know or care enough to buy bitcoin or understand its value.
Yes, probably true.
There's manipulation in the 1/10 second chart, even in the 1 minute chart because of the spoofers, but to think that this thing has been manipulated for 7-8 months, or even a year.....
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/How_to_set_up_a_secure_offline_savings_wallet

The next best thing than DIY bitcoincore is by using armory.

I've only ever done it using command line bitcoin core.
Do you ever use TA? I’m actually pretty confident that we are due for another rally if we hold 6k for another few days. Consider this renko chart I threw together with 9 hour units. Stochastic about to crown, and TTM squeeze showing decreasing bear momentum.

This rally, if I’m being conservative, isn’t supposed to go much higher than 8k, but you never know. The whole sell triangle from 20k to 6k to 12k to 6k to 10k to 6k is coming to a close.

https://i.imgur.com/JEA9kU0.jpg 
^ Folks, this is the shit you say to embarrass yourself when you get confused between medium of exchange and method of payment.

Don't be this person. Learn the difference between medium of exchange and method of payment.
Think you should have picked a different group to say "daddy is going to give them a credit card" the youngest Millenials are in their 20s and the oldest are in their mid 30s
Incoherent.

Either you don't understand the rather simple question or not able to answer it.
These kind of comments are an indication that the bottom may be very near. I bet you sell now and the market will go up. Bitcoin and Altcoins are extremely manipulated and can toy with everyone's emotions too easily... don't be fooled.
The december run up was legitimate buying. This bear market however is the perfect situation to take everyones money
Lol ... BTC has failed in both.

Method of Payment = Failed as tech is way behind leaders.

Media of Exchange = Failed as acceptance by merchants is so small that it's a joke.

Still want to debate on technicalities?

As long as you are afraid of selling because it might bounce hard, it could still go down. It's dangerous to sell when you no longer have that fear, because you are certain it will crash.
> Failed as acceptance by merchants is so small it's a joke.

You just said that a small amount of merchants accept it for good and services. Hence, Bitcoin use case as MoE is successful and hasn't failed as you described. Bitcoin is never a method of payment but a MoE. LN is growing out in less than a year so you can't say that the tech as a retail payment method died either.


Wow. It's almost difficult to believe that anyone could be as stubborn. You're an odd case, because from your comments you seem intelligent enough to consider alternative views.  But you stick like glue to your one dimensional view. I think the most bizarre part is that you just say the same thing in different words. You're not hearing us. Try to grasp one simple thing. IT'S TOO EARLY TO SAY IT FAILED. It's not Apple pay, or any of those systems built on existing platforms. It's an entirely new platform.
I could care less that you misunderstand, but anyone reading your comments will get a completely incorrect concept of how incredibly difficult things Lightning Network are to implement. If you're ignorant of how complex it is to add this layer on a new network model, and then tweak it under load, you should just stick to your silly comments of gloom and doom and how a crytpo ETF will bankrupt the country and all that to foolish tinfoil hat bullshit.
Seriously, some people just have to be called out on their crap. You'll be nowhere to be found on here in 3 years or so when bitcoin is an option at every online checkout right along side Visa, Debt, and PayPal etc. You're a victim of your own stubborn complacency to learn and expand your understanding. That's unfortunate.
Apple Pay, ha ha ha. What a moron. Apple pay is nothing more than Apple's way of getting you to sign up for an account so you'll purchase more from the App Store and provide them with their fee. It's still the same ol currency, WTF would you compare that to Bitcoin.
He also has ZERO understanding of the time it takes to implement the changes required in open source software. It's like even noobs can grasp that LN cant just be thrown on top of Bitcoin without a lot of time and effort.
Fine.  I guess the definition of failure is subjective.

If you feel that acceptance by a small group of merchants means that it has not failed, then we can agree on that.

Look, I'm not here to put down BTC as I have vested interest as well.  But I prefer to keep it real.  Making highly speculative statements may sound good but when it doesn't materialise, it will just backfire.
Well, given the pace of the IT world, anything that has not succeeded in 8 years is a failure.  Especially when there are superior tech that started later and have overtaken it by leaps and bounds.

I'm well aware of the complexity of building Lighting.  But you can't deny that it's a bandaid to patch the scalability flaw of BTC.

And I didn't say a crypto ETF will bankrupt the country.  All I said is that ETF is just another way for exchanges to earn more commission and giving you more ropes to hang yourself.
Well, I can walk into most shops and pay with ApplePay with my iPhone.  Zero wait time, Zero fees.  So what if it's the same currency?  That's the same currency that I earn and pay taxes with.

You are failing to grasp the basic point - people who use tech don't care about how difficult it is to implement.  They only care about how easy it is to use.

If you want to impress the geeks, fine - go give a talk about complexity of implementing Lightning.  But who are we depending on to drive adoption?  The merchants and the consumers.  Neither gives a damn about implementation complexity.
