Daily Discussion, June 15, 2018 -- TITLE
You know I honestly believe everything was fine until the bitcoin futures came in. I remember thinking back then "I should probably sell because this might not be good". I still believe that the futures ruined the bull market for us
Just purchased 1 BTC, wish me luck!
i learned the hard way not to use bitcoin as way to store value
You know what I have learned.. HODL'ing during a fucking bull market and ATH's is a very stupid Idea. Everywhere on social media especially Reddit were filled with HODL posts when bitcoin hit 20k. 

Long story short best believe WHEN this market recovers CLOSE to its ATH I will sell a portion to keep profits 
HODL!!!
everyone in agreement 4800 or lower next. 
therefore, expect the opposite. 
When’s Indecide to sell (just bought in), coinbase is the best place to cash out to my bank account right?
here I sit, broken hearted

came to moon,  but only bart'd


Daily Hopium:

This old thread is a gift that keeps on giving. 

—
dopexile• 4y
Might as well sell now while there is still a bid in the market. Those holding out for higher prices are going to go down with the sinking ship.

Since Bitcoin is like a fervent religion we'll get to see many people relentless holding on and dollar cost averaging all the way down to their grave.
—

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/22qc1d/comment/cgpla6s
Anyone else often wonder that it would have probably been a lot better if they had never discovered reddit in the first place? 
'Buy the dip' is now a meme on life support with this volume day after day.
Never HODL a chart pattern with seven consecutive flags, achieved through a huge spike in trading volume. That was a screaming sell, last December.  If you missed getting out near the top, then you should have sold on the first dead-cat bounce, and waited to re-enter after a new high was achieved, or shorted after the dead cat began to fall again. Even if Bitcoin was at $40K right now, there was evident price exhaustion at December's blow-out top, which required traders to step aside. HODLing without a strategy is like burying your head in the sand.
What does everyone think about the SEC announcement?
Good morning America what will happen on today's episode of btc stay tuned in the next hours 
I’m ready. *pokes it with a stick*
Is this a good time to start investing in BC? Initial investment will be something around $600-700.
we broke 6500 support! good or bad sign?
we bart'd :(
we went up $50!
[deleted]
At this point, 5k is the only way to go.
[deleted]
I think we all knew manipulation was at play in the Bitcoin market, but regardless remember superior technology will always win in the long-term
I'm in Japan right now and WTF happened? Every place I've been to says they've suspended Bitcoin transactions or have taken away their Bitcoin ATMs due to "heavy regulation". I looked for articles and all are for 2017 and BTC was flourishing here so I came here expecting to pay for a lot with my BTC. I can't find a single place right now that will actually take it. I'm guessing they want only specific channels or institutions like banks to use it rather than the common people or shop owners. This is fucked.
Why is the price of Bitcoin sold up to 10% more than Coinbase at Bitcoin ATMs? What the fuck. Bitcoin ATMs are cool and all but they freaking rip you off. Might as well stick with Abra. 
Only 5% upward after a -25% crash in a month guys you are in denial. Bye 6k
When Bcash dies, BTC and the handful of other honest coins within our crypto space will recover.

I sincerely hope Mr Ver understands the damage he has done.

p.s.  Lightning Network and BTCC must have him worried.  Oh, and BTW, don't forget that he was always a supporter of 2nd layer solutions until it, er, didn't suit him.

He's rather quiet these days - but he posted a tweet from a Japanese lady (who promotes his Bcash events in Japan) about her paying for a meal with Bcash (in Japan).  

Come back to America Mr Ver !

Do you dare, Mr Ver?

(sorry for the edit.)


[removed]
https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2018-06-15/bitcoin-greater-fools-and-the-big-short
**What If Bitcoin, Crypto Prices Are Being Manipulated?**

What if this guy is right?

Read article on Forbes.com: https://www.forbes.com/sites/johnwasik/2018/06/15/what-if-bitcoin-crypto-prices-are-being-manipulated/#482d55ff2350 
I’m not a weak person. (Maybe I am) but I’m holding my coin tightly 
It may actually be dropping because institutions are planning to buy in. For a while I did not believe that but now I am more convinced than ever. At some point, the bleeding will stop and Bitcoin will regain much of its glory and may surpass old levels. I see that many have it pegged going down into the 4,000's before it rises - if so I wish it would hurry up - this is like pulling out a sliver under the fingernail oh so slowly!
**Come on Bears!**
"Buy the tech" ... by buying BTC is downright silly.

You make money buying a share of Apple company (32% increase in last one year), not by buying an iPhone (obsolete during the same period).

Furthermore, BTC as a currency will continue to function whether it's $1, $100, $1k or $10k.  In other words, increased adoption does not drive up the price.  

In fact, it is the opposite.  Every important tech (Internet, mobile, telephone, cars ...) has shown that increased adoption drives down the price.
So rookie question: If the price drops below what is profitable/needed for ROI on mining equipment, will the cost of mining equipment see a drop? 

I don't have the tech savvy to set up a mining rig, I was just curious how inflated the tech has become. 

I see listings online for USB sticks (which look pretty much useless) as well as some of the more hondo miners (which people try to get rid of as soon as something faster/has greater capabilities comes out). 
When bitcoin smartcontracts? 
I remember when bitcoin transactions would take over 45 minutes to get 3 confirmations. Still faster than a check deposit. 
To mine BTC guyz. I want to buy like 5 to 10 chips.
Should i buy on Bitmain? Latest os more proffitable? 
Can someone give some tips 


7300 here we go
Nothing you can do but HODL stop pretending you wanna lose shit loads of money.
Annnnd falling.   It’s sad when you can watch the dump.  
how many times do you think we're going to dip under 6500 before something major happens? lol
I wish all those people betting on the football world cup matches would put their money into crypto instead :p
Bull is back!  Price went up by $23!

Damn, every little jump looks good when you zoom in.

Edit:  Cheer up, guys.  The price will go back up in the short term for a simple reason - huge amount is still held by the whales and they will manipulate the price up again.  Longer term once they have disposed, it's not going to look good.
6582...Can we make it to 7000?

 
6600 on Monday would be forward thinking 🤔 
Daily Hopium (Part 2):

[Rule #4](http://www.befreetoday.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/Arnold-Schwarzeneggers-6-Rules-Of-Success-II.jpg)
How long has the longest bear market been since Bitcoin started?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Observe the market: genuine coins (there is only a handful) temporarily suffer.

With the slightest upward movement, shitcoins get pumped by tens of percentage points within hours.

The market is still dominated by opportunism and shitcoins - so it is ripe for manipulation.

The day the market pumps (and it is always BTC behind the pump) and BTC rises as fast as the shitcoins - that is when the market has been shaken out of crap.

This will take some time, lady and gentlemen.


[deleted]
You can blame it on whatever you want.  We need purpose.  That’s all we really need. 
yes. i believed so too. when people thought bitcoin future would bring btc to antoher level, I was skeptical.
It was a bad idea from the start.

Futures are designed to increase price stability.  But when introduced into a market that is not regulated and heavy price manipulation, it simply magnified the problem.
There have been bitcoin futures since at least 2014 to my memory.
Yup. I personally think that was out and out fraud.
Welcome to the 21 million family
If you hold it long term, you won’t regret it 
You bought when everyone else is either just hodling or selling?

Hmm.
Sorry for your loss. 

Good luck. 
Come on, the number of bitcoins you own has not decreased.

Great store of value.
you only know what the all time high was in hindsight.  The drive from $4800 to $19,000 was all ATH.  So with your logic you would have sold around $5600 (when it leveled off for a few weeks) and have watched it go to $19,000
you say that now, but during bear market people want to get rid of their bags, it's always the opposite during a bull market, you'll wish you had more BTC and find it difficult to sell
You should have sold on the way down from ATH.

I sold plenty at 17k.  

Hodl was created by losers trying to convert their $100 investment into $1m.
.. I still hodl.  It is the logical thing to do ..
Never HODl a charter pattern with seven consecutive flags, achieved through a huge spike in trading volume.  That's was a screaming sell, last December.  If you missed getting out near the top, then you should have sold on the first dead-cat bounce, and waited to re-enter after a new high was achieved, or shorted after the cat began to fall again. Even if Bitcoin was at $40K right now, there was evident price exhaustion at December's blow-out top, which required traders to step aside.  HODLing without a strategy is like burying your head in the sand.
I totally hear you and am in the same situation but when it was close to $20k we thought it was going to go higher, everything is easy with hindsight.
oh no, 0084!
4800 or lower before?
cart-horse?  horse-cart?
when 20k tho
[deleted]
Is it getting back to 19000 soon?
What is amazing is /u/dopexile STILL comments everyday claiming it's the end of Bitcoin. You would think after 4 years of commenting the same thing they would realize perhaps they were wrong...
I know I would have been a few satoshis richer
Er, er ..

You are furnishing us with your 'TA' based on past events ...

You are certainly a genius at looking into the past - no doubt about that - a sort of reverse clairvoyant.

Very useful!

Heh :)
This is not a day trading sub. There is another one for that already. 

Some people prefer the buy and hold style of long term investing. They’d prefer to just live their lives instead of watching the chart every second for dead cat bounces and flags.  

When it comes to a long term investment like bitcoin, the hodl approach will work out just fine.  Just look at the gains since 2010.  You didn’t need to day trade bitcoin to become rich.   You just needed patience. 
Errr ... sorry but what exactly are you trying to say?
How many millions (or with leverage maybe billions?) did you make when you shorted the market during the screaming sell signal? With such an obvious signal there would be no reason not short with as much capital and leverage as you can afford
I think I don't care much.
Depends -- do you want to lose your investment slowly or quickly?
Yes but don’t expect short term miracles. Be prepared to hold for at least 3 years 
BC: Before Christ?

I'd go for Gold - the Romans were dead keen on it.
I bought in, hoping for great things
Wait for the FOMO at 10k+, then go crazy. Buying this dip isn’t such a good idea.
Where you been?  6500 was broken 2 days ago.  Now, see if it can
hold the 6200 low.

Doesn't really matter. market is littered with false breakouts and breakdowns. If we punch through 5800 on high volume there's a good chance that's going to go to at least 5000. If that doesn't happen we may have a support level here. Technical analysis is almost never down to the dollar. The other thing that is getting overlooked is where the big players have agreed to defend the price. I can almost promise you a lot of the major wallets all know each other and all chat with each other to some degree. It would absolutely blow my mind if they did not come up with various strategies. When I look at the trade index a lot of it is retail investors. All kinds of 50 to $1,000 orders popping off. 

I actually asked Charlie Lee about this a few hours ago on Twitter. I said remember 2017, in December when you were warning about the market getting hot? What's your opinion of it right now? I'll just cut and paste his reply

Market does what market does. It's correcting and consolidating. Could be quick, could be slow to recover.

What he said is what any non-emotional logical person would come to for conclusion. 

Bad if it continues to hover at support because that means it will go down soon.
I don't trust my gut.  It ran off with another digestive system.
isn't it great you followed rule nr 1, only invest with what you can afford to lose? 


You'll be very lucky if it is back to $8k by then.
John McAfee says $15k by the end of July.  A very tough ask but I hope he's right. 
So what bank loaned u money to buy bitcoin?
You need to start running nodes in the wallet to generate more coins 
Sorry to say it, man. I don't see this happening. 
I would sell STAT - it's not going up.  
ouch, i hope it turns out okay. bitcoin is still pretty unstable but looks like 6k is the bottom for now
I took out 3lines of credit from 3different banks but i made sure i have enough monthly income to easily cover the monthly payments without affecting my living. Even if it takes 3yrs to get my money back I can make my payments easy
I wish that were always true, but it isn't. Case in point: arguably the Betamax technology was superior to VHS, but the commonly-held belief is that VHS won-out due to slick marketing. That's just one example of many where better tech doesn't always win.
That assumption is the worst kind of assumption. Taking the tech for granted and believing there's no way for it to be defeated. 
Yeah, but since a Bitcoin owner is a USER of Blockchain, and nothing like a party holding patent rights to Bitcoin, how exactly will Blockchain make profits for you?
Sure, that will probably happen.

But that does not mean the price will go up.

In fact, my take is that BTC need to crash all the way down to a stable level stripped of the speculative value in order for adoption to happen.  And that will be going back to before the 2013 manipulation (which will be around $200 - $250). 
I checked your post history.  At first I thought this was a concern troll.  it's not.

The altocolypse is real


Not sure where you were but my Japanese friend says even his street food vendor takes BTC now.
Every place you’ve been to? Get outa here with your nonsense 
On a positive note, I am planning a trip to Myrtle Beach SC and a small surf school is still accepting bitcoin as payment - Lol.
Because ATMs have almost zero competition.  
Way more overhead to run an ATM. Business 101.
BTMs don't ask for an ID
[deleted]
BitConnect is comin' back too! Will moon soon.
What are the other honest coins? I am curious as well. 
why are you a giant steaming turd? 
Provide evidence to make such claims.
Nobody is censoring this sub.
"Screaming buys may yet become agonizing sells"


Buy high, sell low!
It doesn't matter. You cannot manipulate the 21 million coins limit. Everything else is noise.
 >By the end of 2017, Bitcoin alone rose 1,400%. As of this writing, though, the digital currency is down about 70%. Ethereum and Ripple are down about 20%.

ETH Had a high of $1370 now $500 ; Down ~63%

XRP Had a high of $3.65 now $0.55 ; Down ~84%

Garbage article
Good for Bitcoin.
Hope springs eternal in the human breast; Man never is, but always to be blessed: The soul, uneasy and confined from home, Rests and expatiates in a life to come.
"It may actually be dropping because institutions are planning to buy in."

Classic example of "the air is dryer because is is raining" form of logic.
Institutional money is not coming to Bitcoin. 
Tether registrations have been closed since December 2017. During this time, the amount of Tether tokens more than doubled, peaking at 2.5 billion tokens at the time of writing.

WTF ....I repeat WTF.....  who will explain??
Be careful what you wish for.

It may go down to $3k once it reaches $4k.

Go check BTC price patterns after ATH.  It drops to a fraction and remain there for years.

(BitcoinSometimes is a hard-fork of the well respected BitcoinAlways.  He is one of our Bcashing trolls.)
Bitcoin is not a retail product. It’s a network of transacting value. The bigger the network gets, the greater the value. 

The internet is a network of information... and look at all that was built on top of it.

Bitcoin is a network of immutable, borderless, decentralized finance. And it requires energy and resources for its security. that alone has immense value as there is less newly minted BTC over time. 
Yep, there is no particular link between adoption and value in a currency.

But, er, mobile phone prices went down - but they were not limited to 21 million in circulation.  
/facepalm
miners that aren't profitable shut down or mine something else.
Bitcoin has smart contracts
Been around forever.
Oh oh - you just started a 'remember when' thread ..
You can't realistically mine BTC as an individual.  One nice thing about the recently hacked shitcoin called Bitcoin Gold (they're cool - because they don't pretend to be Bitcoin) is that apparently it is more mineable by individuals.  Have a look at that.  BTG.)
Well, the danger is that you can end up either (a) losing more money or (b) holding the bag for years, tying up capital that can be better used elsewhere.

At the current moment, the above possibilities are rather high.
Back .....

What dump?  It's holding the 6.5k very well.
deflating volume means we are going down still
at least in the world cup they have a chance of profiting lmao
dude, u can 30x you money in football in a DAY
You sound rather positive now about the World's leading cryptocurrency; after trolling us for days.  

So I assume you have offloaded your shitcoins and have come back into the fold.

I, for one, don't welcome your armchair platitudes, obvi-isms* and uninformed 'trading' advice.

(* I invented that word, just for you - shitcoiner!)
Conspiracy theory time: it's the price around which institutions want to enter.
not on deflating volume
No way. Not even the buy the dip folks are making it into these threads recently. Dark times ahead. 
Probably because of this:
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/06/13/much-of-bitcoins-2017-boom-was-market-manipulation-researcher-says.html?utm_source=fark&utm_medium=website&utm_content=link&ICID=ref_fark

pretty sure it was 3 years during the mt.gox thing, bear markets in bitcoin has always seemed to last 1+ year with no consecutive "mooning" year
try it out and tell us
We need some more tether printing action. Can someone print about 500m extra plz?
are you retarded
trade from US to china and vice versa can be expensive...teach me how to avoid this evil tariff xD
It needs real world usage.  

Futures, ETFs, etc are just vehicles for the finance industry to make more commissions and give speculators more ropes to hang themselves.
well, he might
well youre right i have the same number of coins, i mean milifractions of a coin, but i cannot afford to wait until the price reaches the same number at which i bought, i choose bitcoin as way to save my savings from my countrys savage currency devaluation. i lost nearly 30 dollars, i know this might be just change for you but for me is a small fortune. late did i learn that i could have transfer those coins to uphold and the exchange them for fiat. but anyway is too late now.
It all boils down to greed.

And selling when it has dropped 15-20% from ATH is a good thumb of rule in any market.
To be honest I was all in on Walton and I got in at 4 dollars, it hit 40 dollars... TWICE. I 10 times My money in 3 months but inexperience, greed got the better of me. Not next time round  
I should and your right, I was very new to crypto and investing,I wanted my 4 figure investment to be 6 figures. Looking back I was fucking crazy I did not even take out 20 percent 
> 4800 **or lower** next.
I didnt buy this bitcoin online tho. I got it for selling something so I havent used a site
Between 19k and 21k.
I have never invested anything in crypto.  I'm retired, comfortably. I'm here for entertainment and intellectual stimulation.  Look at my post history!
I think this can continue to drag on for a long time as long as the exchanges and speculators are here.

If the SEC or other regulators step in, prove price manipulations and starts indictment, it will be a different story - instant collapse.
>If you look at my post history, at the top I warned (and posted here) 
  
You fucking lying buttcoiner.  You did not warn us at the top.  You created this account 4 months ago when the price was already in decline for a month and a half.  
This fall by November 
😆
the end is soon! the only question is how :)
This is a trading rule that is used to avoid holding an asset while it drops from $19K+ to $6K+.  Indeed, it's VERY USEFUL and will always remain so.  Riding the bus through a screaming sell-signal (7 flags on a huge volume spike) means you're betting against extreme odds. Whatever the price was to be in the future, up or down, it would have been best to get-off and back-on, rather than staying in your seat, willing to accept a long ride over the cliff in wishing on a future star.  Bet with the playbook in hand. Cheers.
Sorry, there is zero guarantee that BTC's price will continue to appreciate in the long term.

And since it's already proven that the 2013 spike was manipulated and there's evidence that the 2017 spike was also manipulated, the expectation of future increases is close to ZERO (but possible).

P/S:  Since when did you get appointed to dictate what goes into this sub?  You are nothing but a rent seeker and a hypocrite.
Brown Clay
Yeah. Buying less Bitcoin at 10k is better than buying more Bitcoin at 6k. 
It depends on if you're a swing trailer or if your goal is owning as many coins as possible.
Not necessarily. April hovered for like a week or more at the low and the shorts piled in. We all know how that worked. I'm kind of 50/50 on this. On the one hand there could be one last exhaustive push. On the other it would surprise me if all the YouTube stars were actually right because that's what they are expecting. 

There is a near-certainty that large hands have already agreed on where they will defend the price. None of us little people really know where that is but we can guess that the $6,000 number has been in play all year. Now if you really wanted to run in some short sellers you could allow the market to drop to 57 5800. They are going to start piling in as 6000 is taken out. Give it a couple of days and Pile in the money. Get to 7000 within the hour.

Plan B is just let the market Trend sideways. Let the retail investors sell themselves out. Let all of the depression and despair run its course

I'm personally not that concerned with what is going to happen this year. My eyes are on regulation and getting something formal that allows an Institutional ETF and eventually a retail ETF. In order for this Market to move substantially higher the big money funds have got to come into it and they will once certain criteria have been met. If it goes to 5k. Oh well. If it goes to 10 or 15k to me it changes nothing other than how much coin I can accumulate. None of those numbers really interest me
[deleted]
do you know who John McAfee is? do you know anything about the man ? his pharmaceutical plan was to make something to trick investors and then can the project. it would be great if he was right about btc but even he has no idea
If you take a little more time to understand the basis of his guess, you will know that he's talking cock.
i use wells fargo and jp morgan and both have banned my credit cards from buying crypto. which is ironic since I wouldn't ever max them out on crypto and have been responsible for years...unless I saw the 2017 bullrun coming...then...yeaaahhh lol
The Gambler!
ouch
Yeah, I’m still listening to my Sony MiniDisk and watching my Betamax. Superior tech always win !!!
Wow someone's feeling pessimistic :D
It does not.

You make money buying a share of Apple company, not buying an iPhone.  But this logic seems to be lost to most here.
I used to live in Japan before BTC really took off and I'm back this year to visit a friend and travel. I went to Samurai exchange in Tsukiji and the Bitcoin sign was covered with tarp and the person at the desk said Bitcoin is heavily regulated and they can't sell or buy it. This was an exchange and not even a shop by the way. 
You mean there ~~are~~ were people using BTC as a currency?

Wow, ... I stand corrected.
This guy says it checks out so it must be real. 
The street vendor is buying the dip.

Smart fellow.
Source on a shop in Tokyo that takes BTC because I would love to actually use it. I'm here for another week and I've been scouring around for places with Bitcoin signs. 
Clearly OP is referring to Hobo Nickels. 
BTC, and those coins that are equally, or perhaps even more, decentralised, and complement it - rather than competing with it.

I give you: DYOR

:)


Sorry to be glib, but do your research.
:)
Sure.

http://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/8qj97z/-/e0jp8nh
literally the guy asking why this sub is censored got banned

https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/8s9gje/got_banned_from_rbitcoin_for_asking_why_the_mods/?utm_source=reddit-android

making a screenshot, so if I get banned or the comment removed, that I have proof
hey shill, you guys sure can say that, but ceddit tells otherwise ;)

https://snew.github.io/r/bitcoin

getting banned in 3..2..1..
You haven't been paying attention.
Go home you’re drunk 
120 years of noise!
So?  You can have 21m worth $1 each.
Exactly... After the SEC decision the outlook ain't good. Now the other main crypto... ;)
HAHAHA😂😂😂
Yes, the Tether scam is about to blow up.  Do not be surprise when we wake up one morning to hear about the SEC working with Interpol to indict them.
[here's an informative post in today's bitcoinmagazine](https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/clearing-misconceptions-how-tether-should-and-does-work/)
Nice example of concern trolling right here.
Well, 49% of him is anyway. The other 51% will attack the remaining part.
So what do we need to counter that? bCashSometimes or bCashNever ...

The Internet is likewise a network of transaction value.  Did the cost of accessing the Internet increased or decreased as adoption ramped up?  


Or become paperweight 
Bitcoin miners can't mine something else. That's not how ASICs work. 

When mining becomes unprofitable, the miners sell their rigs. If the price drops alot, there will be a lot fewer places where mining is profitable. This means lots of mining equipment for sale and much lower prices for that equipment.
[deleted]
Lets say Im an Individual with Power and money.
Still not rentable ?

Hey if you know a 10 bagger opportunity go for it

I was looking at the price.  You know how it starts dropping and you can see it drop fast...  well it was doing that 
actually it's constantly dipping below 6500, dunno if thats good or bad though

it's like there's an epic battle going on for 6500 on gdax lol
No such thing. The same was said about 9k, then 8,2k and then 7,5k...
The last upswing started with lower volume than this.  
(So which is your second account, troll?  :)
Whoa shiiit, you blew my mind fam. 
or this https://metro.co.uk/2018/06/13/bitcoin-price-plunges-miserable-new-low-professor-says-price-manipulation-caused-2017-boom-7628293/?utm_source=fark&utm_medium=website&utm_content=link&ICID=ref_fark
Maybe tether should print some brains for people like u :)
I asked Tether that. Their answer was: "*What are we? The FED? GTFO*"

And then they printed anyway...
Any profit is good profit...
Buy something with it
[deleted]
[deleted]
You are attempting to be predictive, in a non-intuitive market.

Your bus analogy is poor.  You may well get off a bus, and then find that there is no other coming along.

You can only know that there is a bus behind through:

Prior knowledge

or

Hindsight - which is all that you seem to be offering.

My critique stands.
Nobody knows the future, not even you
Im starting to think the who manipulation thing is fud. So every time the price goes up it being manipulated and every time the price goes down it being manipulated.
[https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/bitcoin-price.html#log](https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/bitcoin-price.html#log)

There are no guarantees, but the trend is the trend.  It is far more likely that this logarithmic trend will continue than not.  The fundamentals are as strong as ever.  Ignore the spikes/troughs, watch the trend.
> Sorry, there is zero guarantee that BTC's price will continue to appreciate in the long term.

No shit Sherlock!

How could we cope without your obvi-isms?
[deleted]
Before that happens, price manipulation and other irregularities need to be weed out.  Especially with the Tether time bomb that many here are eager to dismiss as FUD.

As for current price, yes - 50/50 and to me, it's a non-event whichever way it happens.
In my sock.
Yeah I have seen quite a lot of documentaries on him, I agree he is only guessing and he has done a lot of crazy shit in his time.
will the popcorn masses adopt BTC ? that will be the test 
I don't trust people that just spew shit out of their mouths. Having shit spewed into your mouth though...
 McAfee  let his girl    shit in his mouth while she    
swing over his face his sick in the head  
 
Working up his appetite?
We will find out in around 6 weeks. 
Say that to my Vinyl collection...
Or a realistic perspective that better tech comes along all the time and it's predecessor is immediately obsolete. 
Hope for the best, prepare for the worst.
I think it might be due to this:

https://www.coindesk.com/japan-wake-call-get-ready-defend-privacy-coins/

"Earlier this week, the Japanese Financial Security Agency (FSA) announced that on June 18, there will be an outright ban on all cryptocurrencies that provide a sufficient degree of anonymity to its end users".

BTC is not really affected but the merchants may be over-reacting.
Did you happen to see what else they were taking? Was it cash only? My thought is obviously they could be looking to dodge tax and the comment right next to me here about transparency and government regulation is my other thought. Basically they just want to make sure they get their tax revenue from the sounds of things
TittyXCoin doing well..
[deleted]
This was already addressed: https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8qve1l/have_the_mods_lost_their_minds/
lol, you deserve a ban if you get it.
Oh no, I have.  There are a whole lot of astroturfers (redditors for 2 days) coming in from /r/BTC to say this sub is censored without any proof.  Such as yourself!
Can't, no gas for lambo.
You can have 20 million dollars that buy onlybhalf a loaf of bread, where r you going with this 
:)
That's not an accurate comparison. To me, 'cost of accessing the internet' is analogous to the cost processing a Bitcoin transaction, instead of the price of Bitcoin. Tx costs are going down, but the value of the network as a whole, or a single Bitcoin, will go up as a result of more users.
What?! BTC is a monetary unit, not just a way of exchanging information. I don't trade TCP/IP or HTTP for value.
Please read Metcalfe's Law before you embarrass yourself further. The value of a network is based on the number of users using the network. A decrease in cost to access will only accelerate users into using the network ,thus making the network more valuable. How much is the network value of the Internet? Who knows with so many devices connected to each other everyday. However, Bitcoin is the only network that explicitly displays the network value through the price of its native token.
Yhey already mine multiple chains today what are you talking about 
I respectfully disagree
Dude!!  It's $100!
It's been above 6k for 4 months. The bottom was more than 4 months ago. 
When? 
:)
I hate Vegas,  I've lived 5 hrs drive away for 46 years.  I've been many times,  my brother was a top entertainer in Vegas in the 80's and 90's.  I HATE the GAMBLING culture with a passion.  Probably why I respect bitcoin,  but hate alts/forks.
good, invest what ever you have left over after vegas. But I think you mean 'than'
I've cashed out hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of bitcoin and had no problem paying taxes.  The Bitcoin I hold is still worth hundreds of times more than when I bought it.  I've been through multiple bear markets.  You're barking up the wrong tree.  Go back to buttcoin.
/u/btc4trade likes to restrict the argument to boundaries that favor their arguments.   You have been warned.
Hmm.   Trend says downwards since Dec.

Ok, let's play blind/deaf/mute monkeys.  

How about public interest waning, regulators cramping down, Tether time bomb that might explode anytime, exchanges getting hacked on a regular basis (or so they claimed)?
Predicting the bottom is a dangerous game, my friend. But do what suits you. 
They just need to get to the bottom of it. I was listening to a podcast earlier with a couple of professional traders. 15 plus Year backgrounds at the major Wall Street firms. The current rumor that was getting floated is that there was manipulation in the market and what you're seeing and a huge part of this price drop has  been it unwinding. I think bitfinex and the others know eventually they can't continue to run. Once they have cleaned up the books and everything is Peachy there will be some kind of an announcement to say look we have everyone's money here. There are this many tether tokens and we have this many US dollars. The only real problem I can see from the United States perspective is the way tether is right now, it's a security. It's not decentralized. It's a product that you put US Dollars into and expect a return. I have no idea how that one is going to play out but I think this whole usdt thing is going to come to some kind of conclusion over the next 12 to 18 months
[deleted]
Rofl!  Good one :)
Vinyl never was a superior tech. Digital > Analog
They said only cash. The woman at the counter said specifically that it's suspended so it may resume in the future. I also tried to go to a bar and the Bitcoin ATM wasn't connected. BTW I'm not fudding BTC here I'm just sad because I wanted to be able to buy things with BTC and I must have went to Japan at a bad time if there's some law or provision going around here. I saw a lot of articles from 2017 and Japan was doing so much and suddenly when I visit I can't find anything.
Low market cap, buT IT'S ok. 
The second greatest Cryptocoin is obvious - but everyone is so wrapped up in trying to make a short term profit from WankCoin et al., that they can't see it.

That - lady and gentlemen - is why this market won't recover for a few months.
Why does he? Because he brings up ceddit, a tool used to see banned discussion?

If you're afraid of a tool like that, it makes me wonder what it is you're hiding...
Probably because they got banned. Lol 
Take the bus broke ass 
I agree on the transaction cost analogy.

That's why I said that BTC as a currency will continue to function whether it's $1, $100, $1k or $10k.  In short, BTC's price is completely irrelevant.

Look, if any person needs to use BTC to buy something that cost $100.  Does it matter to him whether BTC cost $1, $100, $1k or $10k?  Nope - he will just buy the needed quantify for $100.

So the entire notion that adoption will increase price is baloney.  But as you correctly put it - the transaction cost must come down with adoption.  If it does not, then people will simply switch to a network that does.
Yes, and what is a monetary unit?  A mechanism for the transaction of goods, which gives BTC it's value as a currency.

Just like a mobile phone is a mechanism for communication of voice and video and gives it it's value as a communication tool.

Prices of mobile phones dropped in price with adoption.  As will all instruments upon which the value of the system is dependent upon.  

If BTC doesn't yield it's entry price, it will just be replaced by other cryptos.
Just ask them to explain GPU prices last year and see what happens.
Let's not forget that the example often used to describe Metcalfe's Law involved fax machines.  How valuable are fax machines today?  Or a network of fax machines?  
I'm very familiar with Metcalfe's law and I'm even more familiar with how it has been deliberately misinterpreted by BTC advocates to justify BTC's price.

Metcalfe's law states the effect of a telecommunications network is proportional to the square of the number of connected users of the system (n2).  This is common sense.

It says NOTHING about the effect of price with the increased value.  The fact is that every known commodity governed by Metcalfe's law (Internet, Mobile, Telephones, etc) has shown a DECREASED price as the networks grew.

As for BTC, it's already common knowledge by now that the price increases have been due to manipulation/speculation and nothing to do with adoption.
I was taking a shit. I overreacted dammit lol
Nope.  Y'all have problems reading charts?  https://charts.bitcoin.com/chart/price


April
[deleted]
Spolier!  :)

Ok, flight in another hour.  I enjoyed the debates with you though.
we get it, you're a bear
You cant base your predictions off trends, if that were the case President George W. Bush should have died in off based oh the   **Curse of Tippecanoe, "**  For the next 120 years until 1960, presidents elected during years ending in a zero (occurring every twenty years) died while serving in office, from Harrison to [John F. Kennedy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_F._Kennedy) (elected 1960, died 1963). In addition, two losing candidates from election years ending in zero, namely [Stephen A. Douglas](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_A._Douglas), who lost in 1860, and [Wendell Willkie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendell_Willkie), who lost in 1940, would die before the next presidential election occurred, meaning that had they been elected, they too would have become victims of the curse." History doesnt always repeat itself. 
How about the fact that Chinese miners now control more than 50&#37; of bitcoin?  So much for decentralized.  Or that nobody seems to know the real identity of the entity that created this Ponzi Scheme?
Try focusing on the long term trend instead of the short term.   Do you hold any bitcoin?
Yes, naming Tether as a security gives SEC jurisdiction over it (which I think is intentional).

Come come ...... US$2.6B?  Bitfinex not only has to show that it has US$2.6B in the bank, it also has to show that it is deposit to guarantee the $2.6B of Tether and that they will allow redemption in good faith.  Which will blow Bitfinex out of the water.
'whilst'
Because defining a soundwave using 0's and 1's with loss of information, is always superior to its complete definition in an analog medium.


Because if you use ceddit on r/BTC you see far more removed posts, and the posts removed from this sub are shill posts and spam typically.  
Hi astroturfer!
Paid too much BTC for pizza.
The price is not irreverent.  The price is not irrelevant!  The security of the network is directly tied to the price.  If the price falls below the cost of producing coins, the security of the network will suffer.  Too much of that can be catastrophic!  Stop saying stupid shit. =)
BTC doesn't even use GPU as the primary mining tool for years already.  And $/ASIC output has been dropping like a bomb.

And Fyi, $/GPU output have been dropping anyway and will continue to drop, just like any commodity h/w.
https://blog.unchained-capital.com/stop-comparing-bitcoin-to-the-internet-b6cb995e8364
Check out Feb 6th. https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/
Bitcoin.com LMAO
The volume went as low as 9billions then spiked to 24 billion 4 days later, peak was 32 billion on the run-up . 
Hey!  I take offence to that!

I'm rich but I hang out here for the entertainment (in between my stock trades which currently sucks).

It is quite entertaining debating with delusional people.
So only poor people use reddit?  You're going to disappoint your buttcoin friends with such failure.
  
I wasn't born rich and am unfamiliar with proper rich person etiquette.  I'm still waiting on my top hat and monocle because they're lost in the mail.
It's like I'm watching a movie and yelling at the screen.  I'm embarrassed for myself.  :(
  
Have a safe flight.
>Ok, flight in another hour

Don't forget to give the passengers their blankets.  


**John F. Kennedy**

John Fitzgerald "Jack" Kennedy (May 29, 1917 – November 22, 1963), commonly referred to by his initials JFK, was an American politician who served as the 35th President of the United States from January 1961 until his assassination in November 1963. He served at the height of the Cold War, and the majority of his presidency dealt with managing relations with the Soviet Union. As a member of the Democratic Party, Kennedy represented the state of Massachusetts in the United States House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate prior to becoming president.

Kennedy was born in Brookline, Massachusetts, to Joseph P. Kennedy Sr.

***

**Stephen A. Douglas**

Stephen Arnold Douglas (April 23, 1813 – June 3, 1861) was an American politician from Illinois and the designer of the Kansas–Nebraska Act. He was a member of the House of Representatives, the United States Senate, and the Democratic Party nominee for president in the 1860 election, losing to Republican Abraham Lincoln. Douglas had previously defeated Lincoln in a Senate contest, noted for the famous Lincoln–Douglas debates of 1858. He was nicknamed the "Little Giant" because he was short in physical stature, but a forceful and dominant figure in politics.

***

**Wendell Willkie**

Wendell Lewis Willkie (born Lewis Wendell Willkie; February 18, 1892 – October 8, 1944) was an American lawyer and corporate executive, and the 1940 Republican nominee for President. Willkie appealed to many convention delegates as the Republican field's only interventionist: although the U.S. remained neutral prior to Pearl Harbor, he favored greater U.S. involvement in World War II to support Britain and other Allies. His Democratic opponent, incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt, won the 1940 election with about 55% of the popular vote and took the electoral college vote by a wide margin.

Willkie was born in Elwood, Indiana, in 1892; both his parents were lawyers, and he also became one.

***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28
It's more like distributed than decentralized. That's what Bitcoin is.
I don't actually doubt that they can come up with 2.6 billion. I mean look at the info from last year and look at the volume they do.

It's those other parts that are questionable. How is the money insured? If it even is. If they were completely transparent about it and it was named to Security in the United States could they even do business in the United States anymore until that is rectified? This is why I'm not a total conspiracy theorist about tether because from a few different angles it's actually in their interest to stonewall until they figure out another system to use for US dollars. Bitmain is getting behind circle. I'm sure the market will figure something out sooner or later. Until more information comes to light this is literally one of those subjects you just have to push to the back of your brain.
Great intellectual argument!
Wrong. Beep. Bop. 
Lol!

Ok, if it's really that important, tell me what happens when the last BTC is mined and there is no more BTC generated as incentives?
You have to compare apples to apples.  Today's latest GPU is not the same as last years latest GPU and manufacturing numbers are not the same either.  They are adjusted to meet demand when it is possible.  Your assertion was that demand lowers the price and that just isn't true as we saw last year with GPU prices.
   
You also said above that the price of mobile phones dropped with adoption and that is not true either.  If you compare certain models that have had a persistent production, then those may have fallen in price because the cost of fabrication has lowered over time.  But the cost of the best selling phone has gone up.  Meaning that the mobile phone in demand has done nothing but go up year over year.  Just go look at iPhone prices and what it cost for the latest iPhone for an example.
  
You're ignoring a lot of factors and the result is that you are wrong.
but muh line chart from bitcoin.com
[deleted]
There’s no need to be intellectual with people, such as yourself, who are liars.
The last BTC won't be mined for over a century unless we change something or there is an issue that results in blocks being found rapidly for an extended period of time.  In the end Bitcoin is code and we can change the incentive structure through code if there is a need and we can reach consensus.  Consensus being the hard part.  I won't speculate so far in the future.  We all know Bitcoin was designed so that fees would pay miners beyond the block reward but it's too far in the future to say that will be the case.
What I'm saying is that adoption drives economy of scale, brings in capital that goes back into production/design improvements that further brings down the price/output.

Sure, iPhone may command a price premium but the market average price of a mobile phone has been decreasing for years already.

I'm not aware of ANY tech commodity that has commanded an increase in price with wider adoption.  Do you have an example in mind?
Here's a piece of advice that may help you in life:  Not everyone is the same as you.  
I'm one of those scary people who can think for myself.
Which is not sustainable as the transaction fees will become exorbitant.  So either the price has to gradually drop to the level to make the transition successful or the continued use of BTC as a currency will render it non viable.  

Sorry, but the above is the reason why the notion of scarcity to justify the high price of BTC is wrong.
Like I said, you have to compare apples to apples.  Your assertion that Bitcoin will go down in price the more it is adopted is wishful thinking and history is not on your side.


  

  
you obviously dont know the laws of supply and demand. 
[deleted]
Okay dumbass, come back when you’ve been a redditor for 10 years.
Like I said, I'm not going to speculate so far in the future.  I'll point out that you are ignoring side chains and how they can both sustain high fees on chain and allow low fee transactions for users.


Dude, read my statement again -

"BTC as a currency will continue to function whether it's $1, $100, $1k or $10k. In other words, increased adoption does not drive up the price".

Did I say that BTC's price will drop with adoption?  Nope.
I'm sorry for calling you a buttcoiner.  You're definitely not at their caliber of trolling.
Are you one of those people who think you can't exchange Bitcoin back into fiat? 
Let me find the study that correlates Reddit membership time to IQ. Oh, that's right. There isn't one.

So you just have insults to offer to random strangers who you know nothing about. Anything else?
Ok, I concede that will alleviate the issue.
History is not on your side on that one either.
You know he's trolling and yet you go for it!

Come on ..... :)
Reddit membership correlates with not being an astroturfer. Thanks for playing, astroturfer for 1 week.
Dude, history is on my side when I quoted to you that prices for every tech commodity decreases with adoption.

You can continue to delude yourself or provide a counter example.
Meh, it's an off night.  This guy is actually making me miss darkwings.
In your twisted paranoid view of the world, I guess it does.
> In other words, increased adoption does not drive up the price".

History is not on your side because the price has increased with adoption.  I saw your other shitty assertion that the price has increased because of speculation and manipulation and I'll remind you that speculators are adopters and manipulation cannot be quantified so there is no way you can definitively say it is the cause.  Especially in the face of adoption.
[deleted]
Lol, yeah, in reality, which you find twisted and paranoid for some reason it fucking does.  You don’t come to an old daily discussion thread with a 1 week old account without an agenda, fucking bitch.
Like I said -

Name me just one example of a commodity tech that has increased in price with adoption.

You sure you want to go into a debate on BTC adoption?  Fine - name me a few prominent merchants where BTC is the primary currency and not just as marketing gimmicks.
You're just not up to snuff.  I'm sorry but our relationship is over and no amount of stalking is going to bring me back.  It's time to move on.  Maybe if you join the buttcoiners and learn their ways, you'll be more attractive.
I do what I like mate. If that upsets you, stiff shit!
I gave you an example earlier.  High end GPUs skyrocketed in 2017 because of demand.  
  
I'm paying more for the latest iPhone than I did 10 years ago.  I'm paying more for my "internet package" than I did 10 years ago.
  
It's not worth arguing with you at this point.  You've already proven you will pigeon hole an argument to fit your narrative like you're about to try doing with adoption by trying to tie it to merchants when it is much bigger than just merchants.
  

  

[deleted]
And apparently you like being an astroturfer.  Good luck with that.
Sorry, I think you are the one doing the 'pigeon hole' thing.

High end GPUs did increase in price in 2017 and we both know that's a glitch due to supply/demand.  You and I also both know that as a norm, we have been paying lower prices for higher GPU performance year after year.  

Of course you can continue to pay higher prices for a premium iPhone but doesn't the last model continue to plumper in price?  You can pay for a more expensive Internet package but don't you get far better performance?  It is a GIVEN that we have been paying lower prices for the same Internet performance year after year.

I seriously don't understand why you want to debate an obvious fact of modern life - that we pay increasingly less for the same performance where tech commodity products are concerned.

Of course adoption must be tied to merchants.  They are the ones that dictate where BTC is used as a currency and not just for speculation (which delivers ZERO economic value).
Oh, you think I was the person who bough the ford ranger?  You're such a failure.
And good luck with your 10 years of insulting people on the internet, which somehow makes your opinions more valid (according to you). Such a fulfilling life you lead! When you move out of your parent's basement, maybe we can grab a beer. ;) :P
So now supply and demand is just a glitch, lmfao.  Fuck off.
Lol, I’ve done more in my life than 20 average people, but good try.
GPU price/performance has been dropping for YEARS.

So yes, a once off increase in price due to supply/demand is a glitch. 

Get over it.
LMAO! Thanks for the laugh. Stuff you do in computer games doesn't count. :)

But, I think you can safely say you have done more Reddit than most people.

I wonder how you hope to on-board new people to BTC if you are so hostile to new Reddit users?
I guarantee you that in 10 years when you compare price/performance of Bitcoin the cost will have gone up.  Performance being how fast you can send a transactions and at what cost.  Price being the cost of a Bitcoin.
  
Get over it.
Yeah right, you’re a new reddit user...tell me something else that’s not true.
Wrong.  You have a poor understanding of basic economics.

Price is cost of transaction, nothing to do with price of BTC (which is totally irrelevant).

And if BTC's transaction cost per performance does not come down, it will simply be replaced by another network (alt).
Who cares if I am a new user? Why does that scare you so much?
There you go again.
Who said I was scared? Astroturfers make me laugh.
Lol ... I'm not being deliberately sarcastic.

But you need to take your mind off BTC's price and you will get what I mean.
> Who said I was scared? Astroturfers make me laugh.

Only everything you have said to this point. The name calling is one of the ways it manifests. If you had no fear you wouldn't have to resort to insults and assuming that everyone you encounter is spreading lies (even though quite literally I hadn't said anything other than to call you out on your lack of argument). I guess we'll have to just accept that name calling and fear of strangers is your bag.

Oh, you seem to have missed a couple of down-votes on my posts. Make sure to flex those biceps and hit the down arrow. I know it makes you feel good.


Just admit that the price of Bitcoin is going to go up with demand as it has been.  It's OK, we're deep in the comments here and your friends won't see it.  I won't tell anyone.  ;)
Don’t pretend you don’t have an agenda.  It’s as clear as day.
.... but I really don't think so!

My honest opinion is that the price of BTC is based on speculation and nothing else.  And the same applies to the entire crypto world.

I also think that the price of BTC will go up in the short term simply because a huge proportion is held by whales and they will manipulate the price up.

The only real threat is Tether.  If that (and Bitfinex) gets called out by the SEC, then it's really going to crash.
Says the paranoid guy with a fear of new Reddit accounts. ;)

Quick another down-vote opportunity for ya!!!
Speculators are adopters and adopters speculate!  
There you go, and for the record, it wasn’t the account age that gave you away, but the astroturfing.  #winkyface
Abra, abracadabra. I'm gonna reach out and grab ya! Boo!

EDIT: Damn I thought you missed the down vote, but you got it. TestosteroneLevel++.
