Daily Discussion, June 13, 2018 -- TITLE
We're all here for the tech, clearly. 
fuck
Aaaand right back where we were 3 months ago. 
Has anybody just given up on the price and stopped checking so often? I am holding and just decided to pay little to no attention to the BTC price, it really does help 
5.9k and ride to 12k
How many here think it will go below $6K? 
Practically in the capitulation phase. People dgaf anymore and it’s ugly to watch. 

Not saying a bull run is around the corner or could take 2 years. The last major bull run was just as volatile. 
We are well under the dick line
In early days when I first joined the community, there was a saying about what to do after you have bought bitcoins. Basically it is "Hold and only spend". At first glance, this seemed contradictory to me. But with time I get the idea and it makes total sense. That's the way to help bitcoin grow.

Sadly, nowadays people are waiting for the main stream adoption, which equals to "institution pumping up" the price. In general , institution money are the smarter one, especially in the traditional market. Expecting to make money from theirs is a bit cute.

In hinder sight and look what happened in the end of the last year, bitcoin's network had huge problem and vendors that accepted bitcoin were also leaving in group. That should have got us worried when the network seemed not working well. But the "good" news was that the future markets were opening. If we had been sober, there were enough signs indicating bitcoin would suffer huge drop after the future market opening.

In short, we should focus on the definition of mainstream adoption which is having more places where you can spend bitcoin, instead of institution money pumping for us. It was very likely much of institution money has been in, they pumped prior the future market and had eaten those who had bought at the top.

And today, with much better fundamentals for bitcoin, the price is however dropping like no tomorrow. This is almost the opposite to what happened in the end of the last year. So better watch out.

For those who can make money in this volatile market, good for you. To the believers, "hold and spend". That's what I learned in the earlier days here. I'm saying it again to those who are new.
Are we having fun yet!? Pucker up buttercups ...
Shhhhhhhh it's sneaking up. Nobody look at it directly!
will i get banned here if i mention anything related to coins other than Bitcoin?
Didnt McAfee say 15k by June? 
Make it Stop! Make it stop!

Daily discussion is LIT today, how low can ya goooooo
Why u think macfee always strapped people hate him I wonder why?
$451 million USD (~71,000 bitcoins) transferred in this block: https://blockchain.info/block/00000000000000000026f4ec72873b916525e5886416cf74288cc337b6703919

Summoning all reddit investigators to find out where this BTC is headed
EVERYONE RELAX. I found out the dog knocked the fiat coins out of my money tree a few days ago. I just replaced them in their proper spots so we should all be rich soon. 
Buy and maximize your wins.
This needed to happen. I’m actually excited.
$6.2k and i'm in again heavy
Volume is great. Harhar! 

Honestly: This is hard to watch, but we will weather the storm...
That was some serious resistance at 6,180. We haven't seen that in a while. No guarantees, though.
Alright pulled out some more fiat, going to stack some more cheap btc.
[deleted]
Is it the 6th of June yet?
Summer Crypto Sales 50% off; get it while you can!
[deleted]
Mcafee said 15k prediction is delayed by 30 days because of the hack. Still dont think its going to happen, if it hits 15k i think concidering cashing out.
bulls are back boiz
Just wondering if anyone is still alive or has everyone killed themselves over the prices ?
When I think about selling my remaining BTC cold storage I just remember there were 13 great opportunities to sell that I ignored.

13 Great Places to Have Sold BTC Instead of Selling it Now (like a pleb):

https://www.tradingview.com/x/wYvl49dT/

Hindsight is 20/20.  Don't revenge sell.  Don't trade on emotions.  You'll regret it.
This is it! This is the bull run we have been waiting for! We're going to 6500 babyyy!
I began to invest in march, I knew the market will be bearish till at least, next year and I knew i won't touch this monney before years from now.

I have made my own researches, i read articles every days on crypto or blockchain and i am not panicking at all, at the contrary i have never been so confident in my investments.

there are absolutely no news that can justify such a decrease, this is the "future" effect: 

Fucking price manipulation on a bearish\-low volume market full of dumbies.

This drop is a bless, right now i am just waiting it to touch the bottom before investing again.
[deleted]
Whales trying to flush weak hands out must be seriously suffering from diminishing returns at this point. Who is phased by 6, 5 or even 4k BTC? 

I personally think that anyone who has held to this point is simply going to add to their position regardless of how far it drops, I know I am
Get back above 7 k FFS 
Volume picking up nicely.
Fucking brutal man. I am in for the long haul but this is rough. We have been in decline for over a month now. Hopefully Coinbase is able to bring in some institutional money...
We got another bottom here
we dropped under 6500 support
I think i can... I think I can... I think I can
Going down?

new race to 10k
Bottoms up!  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8fYlqqg-pQ
and meanwhile, mcafee is celebrating crypto. lol

https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/1007001576807034880

Wow.  Haven't seen dicks that long and green in a while.
Surely the Americans won't wake up and cash out!

/s
What do you think it's happening to crypto ? Are all people cashing out and milking whatever is left of it? Seems that people lost interest? 
‘Memba the BGD in April?  

‘Memba how it went up like $1000 in a few minutes, and all the shorters got rekt?

Oh yeah, I ‘memba
**“Buy when there’s blood in the streets. Even if it’s your blood.”**
I predict Bitcoin will shoot right back up to $11,459.00 after the 4th of July.  

People are spending their money on ribs and beer, stockpiling at the moment. 
So people who bought all time high because of FOMO will sell everything and take loss and whats happening is old timers are scooping up cheap bitcoins that folks are selling because they are loosing money.Classic.  
Why all indicators say [“strong sell”](https://altcoin.ist/index.php/signals/)? 
Don't get shaken out.
Its dead
Hope dies last. 
It's right at the price it was last November when all hell broke loose.
Not implying it will happen again.  Just that it's back where it was before the "bubble".
Just woke up and we're dropping again...oh well. Good morning friends :)
Huh. Strange people here :-)
Daily Hopium:

&nbsp;


[bitcoin price history on logarithmic scale. looks good to meeeee](https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/bitcoin-price.html#log)

&nbsp;

[bitcoin just can’t stay dead, now can it.](https://99bitcoins.com/obituary-stats/)

&nbsp;

Glad my stock portfolio has covered some of the losses (and to be fair these have only been lost gains atm) from crypto. 

Been a wild ride as my crypto portfolio was around 15% of my total assets in January to being a mere 3-4%. 

Remember to diversify guys, and not just in crypto as the correlations are really wild in these times. 
“Buy when there’s blood in the streets. Even if it’s your blood.”
In a few months we will see posts like this: "I should have bought at $6200".
What's funny is that if we just all forgot about the price for one second, we would be very excited about all the good news reguarding bitcoin lately. Or you know, zoom out on the chart. It's still up more than 600% from the beginning of last year. That's unheard of in the stock market. So I don't understand who all these people are that say bitcoin is dead and will never recover. They must have been the ones who bought at 19k and sold at 7k.
To HODL or not to HODL, that is the question.
what price ya'll buying back in at?
Where and when is btc going to say buy to down trend cos it's trying to repeat history by going toward 85% down from 2013 side of it .
Let’s do this!
Moon?
I was just kidding. Hope every bought the dips. #pick dips over chips
The markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.

That said, most people are trading out of fear.
headed for -30k
I'll keep this post short, but I think that the time we can see into the future is short and the profits to be made on the bounce are short, so our thinking should be short term and our trades short range. So I hope your woes are short-lived.
This is one or two dumps removed from the bottom judging by the general feeling of despair.
hold on to your butts, it's heading for $2000. 
6.5k breached. 

If BTC can't hold 6k, then we are truly into uncharted territory. 

Let's hope that it bounces from here.
Sell and minimize your loses. 
next dump for couple hours. to 5.9k 
I think anyone who purchased btc near $20k will have to sit on the loss for a long time. I said btc will drop below $3000 before any signs of recovery in the past but noobs who bought at the top were so bullish. For the rest of us who bought much lower, we just have to wait it out.
Yes, BTC price manipulation is real. Recently there has been a lot of talk about infrastructures and systems to allow for smoother accessibility for institutional investment. Now we have this drastic price drop, that will conveniently allow for a VERY attractive entry point. Many are saying 5700\-6k, but truthfully, nobody really knows when the flood gates will open for the incoming volume. If you don't see the convenience of this coincidence, then you are barely looking.
Oh my god this dip is so juicy, I wished I have more fiat to put in damnit..
HODL maybe dead. Too much info is being released showing a downward tread. Sell make profit and buy more back cheaper. 
Hey everybody, I’ve sold all my coins, and the market is going to zero, so please sell all of your coins so I can buy them all cheaper.  Thanks.
Check out RSI... way oversold on every time sample rate.

Not that technicals independently guide price but they guide robots.

My take on the current climate:

Crazy amount of FUD. Crypto is not going anywhere and  big money wants to play. For that they need regulatory approval. Banks also want in.

Here's the catch, they need time for that. Regulatory bodies need time to debate and draft documents. Banks need their software slave army to make their systems compatible. Until then they don't want to see price growth so they are doing their best to spread misinformation and FUD.

December 2017 was just a media test case to see what kind of frenzy can be generated. Conclusion: unprecedented frenzy level. So that was shut down to prepare for the next one.

There is all this talk about selling. selling selling selling selling. No one is selling anymore. The trivial amount of retail investor capital that came in was not as much as the hype suggested. Most people didn't know how to or couldn't get through the account registration bottle neck. Whatever portion of those that cut their loses have already done so long ago.

Whatever 'selling' is occuring is shorting. At this point that is all just paper proffit. The only way to realise the profit is to close the positions with a buy order. There is a tremendous amount of short paper proffit currently. It is not all going to be realised as as soon as the first big player to flinch in this game of chicken closes their position we are going to see things jump fast and the whole domino cascade occurs.

Continuing to short this further is just mental. It is no different than going hyper-bull long at 19k.

Bitcoin was doing just fine without the banks or the regulators. The only thing that has changed since then is their FUD and a torrent of bullish fundamentals, tech evolution and adoption.

In my view, waiting out for 5k is just chart reading hocus pocus. I'm eating popcorn waiting for the first whale who is delusional and high from staring at paper proffits to wake up and realise "oh crap! I forgot I actually have to close this, and doing so when the bear pressure has dried up is the worst time for it." and closes out before the big green super dong candle suddenly appears.
So when bitcoin eventually moons again, and believe me it will happen, what do you guys plan to do with your riches?   

I plan to “retire” and devote my life full time to studying physics, mathematics and inventing.  I will enjoy doing so in a beautiful secluded house in the country. Away from certain annoying people, traffic and other frustrations of congested living.    One with nature.   
I look forward to long hikes in the mountains and kayak trips down the river.  

HODL on tight folks to your dreams.  Nothing comes easy in life.  Even bitcoin. 
Breached 6.4.

Oh well, I'm off to bed.  Good luck and don't lose more than you can afford.
where there is a will, there is a way. guys, lets altogether support 6k financially ( or spiritually)
There is definitely smart money in this. And I think the price won't stop dropping when people are still talking about the bounce up. It will only bounce up when everyone think it is dead.
20k in 1 week
We got tripple bottom. big pump come soon.
Bitcoin is about to counter punch the bears...
Based on TA from previous declines, BTC could touch somewhere around 4-5k if it breaks 6k support. Big blocks have been sold dropping this down to where its at, but the problem right now is that BTC sentiment and interest is at a low. Google trends shows bitcoin searches, buy bitcoin searches, etc have just plummtted. In 2013, BTC went to about 1200 and fell to around 100. A fall like that would mean BTC could seek the 4-5k price again. I doubt it, but the bottom is where people are at a point where they panic and just dont think it can go any lower. I wish 6300 was bottom but one big dump of 3-4k coins again and we will break 6000. GLTA.
The powers that be will not let this rise right now. Every time it does...  dump city.   I dunno how I feel about my positions in the 8’s.   I’m strong all up in the 8’s.   It’s so close, but yet it seems so far away just to get back 
Guys,

No one knows where this is going and anyone who claims otherwise is just making up BS.  So:

1.   Determine your own loss threshold and do not be afraid to sell if it hits that threshold.  If it goes lower after that, you can always buy back.  And if it goes higher, you simply missed a small profit opportunity.

2.   Hodl if you can afford.  There were two spikes (2013 and 2017).  Whether manipulated or not, it happened and there's a chance that it might happen again in future.

Stay safe, don't lose more than you can afford by listening to other BS here promising the moon. 
i missed the last $6.8k to $10k bull run and waited for a long time for price to go down. It's all working great for me now.
Price going down due to the world cup, we have to wait another month
Shaking out the final weak hands. Also to consider is the people who shorted much higher, then bought in at a nice lower point only to see it drop more and short again. I think we are seeing compounded generational shortness. I think people are looking at that 6k early February bottom for support but I don't think it will hold. Anyone want to bet on next bottom? I bet 1 dogecoin it will be 5400.
Someone else want BTC to go down ? :D
Bitcoin had it's chance back in November 2017 when the whole world was watching. It dropped the ball when transaction fees were $50 and taking days to go through. The tech is just not there yet for it to sustain mass adoption. Exit now while you can and keep your dignity
Remind me how well bitcoin is doing? Oh wait. It's not.
Multisignature Wallet suggestion (2\-2) ?

I eared about Electrum, Is it a good choice ?
Sudden decline in shorts, wuts dis?
So gdax is no more? Coinbase pro took its place. Im sure a simple search would get me some results but any suggestions on a new exchange to use? 
Buying up those dip like a MF 
coindesk lowest so far today is 6133
[removed]
[deleted]
Been a min since a quick jump like that 
There's a warm sensation in my pajis
Good night bull run
I saw somewhere a while ago that without tether propping it up, bitcoin was probably closer in value to $4000...new academic study seems to confirm this. Certainly hasn't been proven, but it seems like a credible theory. Seems like we're heading there. 
Question to all the Bitcoiners in here: The market is highly centralized around Bitcoin. Why the hell don't you promote a decentralized market with even chances? Decentralization is only good when it suits your narrative?
just a small correction you will never get bitcoin this cheap again
Where is floor?
#When moon / Lambo ?
**it's happening.gif**
At least volume and tx/s are a bit higher..
What was the minimum price at which miners needed Bitcoin to stay above to remain sustainable?

Wasn't it somewhere between $4k\-6k?
USA really does control the market. Bad news in America is amplified across the globe.  
TO THE MOOOOOOOOON
[removed]
It's funny because right now the mood is shit and in 1 year everybody is going to be happy again and everybody will forget what's happening right now, the same way they forgot what happened in november/december
We're getting closer to my 5k range prediction from 3 months ago ;)
5.9k to 12k .
It needs just little time. Patience!!  20k end of the year!!! 
Guess a proper shortsqueeze is just around the corner
Here's my take on the situation

https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/62bh29Gb-Bitcoin-possible-trajectory/
Will the price of Bitcoin be $36k in June 2019? 
India lifting crypto trading ban 
**Nailed the top in January:**

**https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7ptsg3/2018_cryptocurrency_crash_elliott_wave_final/**

____

https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/8q5p68/2018_cryptocurrency_crash_elliott_wave_triangle/
 
HODL BOYS HODLLL
up goes the green dildo, and out comes the bloody snake turd

get ready for the droppening.
It's a trap. Watch out IMHO
**Come On Bulls, this is turning into a nightmare!**
The next real rush won't happen until 2020 when the mining reward goes from 25 coins to 12.5. That's when miners will make half of what they earn now, and they'll need a price increase to stay alive. Can't imagine what it will be like in 2024...
[removed]
[deleted]
Any way to get alerts on when there are large buy/sell order txns?
HODL!!!
Morrree
paint the bull flag
Higher highs and lower lows. This is good for Bitcoin. Massive pump incoming. The TA signs can't be wrong
[deleted]
[removed]
Looking to install a CPU mining screen saver on my university computer. Any options available?
Bullish
I look at my phone all the fucking time
I want to stop checking but I seem stuck. I'm going to take a break.
my pressure sensitive spot on my phone and power on button are pretty worn because of turning the phone off and on to see my losses  :(
Lord knows that would help me sleep better at night. 
Me 
me

it will be worse for literally every fork of bitcoin though,  so there's that.
It will finally go below to $6K, but not this week.
I've found it's pretty easy to get people into crypto by paying off small debts in crypto.   
Step 1: Owe someone a little money

Step 2: Offer to pay in Bitcoin
It makes sense to buy more. At first I put huge amount of money into it. Then withdrawed during peak. Now it rests and iam watching the leftovers going from 19K to 6K. Iam not worried or selling anything. I will just buy more maybe next month when the price will floor before next rampup. I dont know why people dont se it in wider perspective. If you will buy 20M bitcoins and there will be massive shortage of it on the market, the price will skyrocket and you can then sell then slowly for major profit. (Same is for stocks/bonds/housing...) As soon as people understand that they need to make huge shortage on the market to make real profit, the faster the price will go up. On the opposit when crysis starts, there is always flood of everything and price go down... Thats the principle of rising prices of eggs during easter, turkey on thanksgiving... You have to make shortage of anything. When i unzoom Price chart on GDAX (that tide graph in the middle) you can see 12K BTC to buy and 4K BTC to sell. If I remember correctly, the chart on november looked like 9K to buy and 3K to sell. We only need to shrink the market now. There is too much BTC on markets. Yeah a lot of people want to get rich, but this time is best time to buy BTC from weak hands and just wait for opportunity.
spend it on what? spend it to be able to spend it (fee market)? let's set up a lightning channel, I'll use some other segwitcoin. 8 posts down, first to talk about adoptoin. It seems like you have the right idea, in my humble opinion you have the wrong coin. 

For the contrary view, read this great blog post: http://nakamotoinstitute.org/mempool/im-hoarding-bitcoins-and-no-you-cant-have-any/

>  I’m sure you’ve heard a story like this. “I’ve been going to all the local stores and telling them how awesome Bitcoin is! But none of them wants to take payments in Bitcoin! Why don’t they like it?”

> Let’s think about that for a minute. You are essentially telling the merchant, “Hey look at this totally awesome thing that I want to get rid of! You should trade me some stuff for it!” Not actually much of a sales pitch, is it? Why would the merchant want something that you, apparently, *don’t* want?

This idea of going around shops asking them to accept bitcoin is a dead end. First people must **want** to own bitcoin.
I think your opinion is shortsighted. What were the “early days”? Lots of assumptions regarding infusion of institutional money. Mainstream media and big banks hate crypto so I don’t see any big institutional money coming soon. I won’t spend a dime using bitcoin until I can be convinced it won’t be taxed. The “big drop” from the end of last year was due to a lot of hype and over speculation. Not “watching out”. Just sitting tight until manipulation ends. 
This is just the beginning....
Your mother puckers beautifully 
Like nickels?
Probably not, unless you are pimping said altcoins.
that guy is retard. His words are the same as picking red or black on the roulette table. He is just guessing otherwise we'd all be rich
“In June”
Relax. Bear market is only temporary.
I just moved them from exchange to cold storage to avoid temptation of selling. No need to worry.
To a market near your!
Probably an exchange.
‘The Dumpening’
"Unable to decode output address 0 BTC" things they don't want you to know... This weekend will be fun! Stocking up with popcorn, Guinness and zip of flowers.... 
A exchange setting up for cold storage. Could be McAfee paying Munger, Buffet and Gates to keep their mouths shut.
At what price will you stop weathering the storm?
Yes sir 
You mean "Support". 
Lol.... Yeah
What do you mean man. It literally has been diving headfirst pretty much all of 2018
Absolutely zero chance this could be a pump and dump. 
And then when you think it's making a comeback,  Syke! 
sing it with me!!  "what goes upppp, must come downnn"
in 357 days, be patient.
Got me good 
More like 70% off
You rode it all the way down just to sell at what might be the bottom? Hope for you you're right.
congrats on your profits
Wise move.  You can't lose with this play.
Not a good move imo. 6k bottom is harder to break than you think.
As soon as I got my initial investment I am out. Not even going to wait for 15k. Can't handle this stress level every day.
Lol ... every time someone says that, it gets jinxed and a drop follows :)
Alive and well buddy. Waiting for my next paycheck to buy more. 
Yeah I think historically these moments have provided great returns going forward. It’s just really really hard to pull the trigger, even if I have relatively large pile of cash just sitting and waiting
Don't wait too long or you will miss the bottom.
#THIS IS WHERE WE HOLD THEM, THIS IS WHERE WE TAKE EVERYTHING FROM THEM
> Trendy ass morons turned bitcoin into a punchline and the reputation has to be rebuilt and bitcoin has to find a new identity other than what it has now.

but when moon? 
Good news? It just got released that the bull run 2017 BTC was pumped up and fake. 

If this is true what you're saying you need to get rid of your loans right now. You basically got your education for half price. (but it's even more because interests over x years) 
> I personally think that anyone who has held to this point is simply going to add to their position regardless of how far it drops, I know I am

Spot on kiddo
Ah yes, the mysterious whales. Maybe the price is steadily dropping because every day 1500 new coins get minted and there is not demand for them? There needs to be 10M USD entering the market *every day* just to keep up with BTC inflation.
Same
I thought that too, but I'm getting texts from friends who don't follow this day-by-day like I do and they're selling today.  That's never happened before.  Kinda surprised me.
Yes I would keep adding to my position no matter how low it goes.  Remember it has crashed 90% before and not only did it retrace the 90%, It skyrocketed beyond that point.  The most patient and fearless people will be the true winners in this market. 
Stupid weak hands who sold at 17k, 15k, 12k, 10k, 8k, etc. Sell at 6k? WEAK hands sucker. You been played
That's not how it works. Shorting with leverage makes you able to profit more when the price goes down.
What if you are all wrong and the so called 'Whales' doesnt exist ? Simply there are no new investors and no mass hysteria and the prices will never be over 5k again ? 
Whales are just early adopters who see the failure after 10 years. I don’t blame them for selling. Where have we come? To $40 fees, slow confirmations. Sad day. Hope on my generation has died. 

When the next generation takes over, I’ll be back in. Hopefully they can solve these technical problems current devs can’t. 
A month? Are you new?
> We have been in decline for over a month now

Where have you been the last 6 months nigga? Keep buying my nigga; in a few months the sheep will be wishing they got in at these prices
That was yesterdays news lol.
[deleted]
that guy just chilling in the back with his gun 
Somebody go wake up u/BitcoinAlways
Someone is shorting lots of BTC.
My thoughts on the matter: https://medium.com/@mcasey0827/speculative-bitcoin-adoption-price-theory-2eed48ecf7da
Shorts actually dropped today. There's a long way to go before shorts get at risk of being squeezed.
Be greedy when others are fearful. Be fearful when others are greedy
[removed]
I hope this kills all the shitcoins.
How could I have not prepared for the rib dip!  I never learn.  
nonsense, people are holding fiat to bet on Serbia winning the world cup. can expect bitcoin to moon after world cup final.

source: god is a Serb and he told me. 
6k is not cheap.
Dido considering a dip buy. Hodl on.
It’s just sleeping.
Your  wang is
The perfect time to buy then 
Yep and most of the really strange ones own zero Bitcoin but are here everyday.  
No, but can drop significantly in price with all the info out there, allowing a sell now and buy back double the number of coins cheaper. 
I just bought some more...
Or we will see posts like "I should have sold before it hit 4k" 

I mean who knows
As we saw after april.
That's what you idiots were saying a few more than ago when it was 8k. 
I hope so I really don't want to go below 6k.
Back then we didn’t have mainstream media reporting on vapid price manipulation. 
Without a fucking doubt my nigga. That is why im throwing my wifes kids college fund into this bitch 
Try to zoom out a chart of Enron
I'm very excited about where we are. Recently set up a lightning node, that was great fun. Let the traders play around and do their stuff, there are plenty of things happening in the ecosystem.
HODL
6k, 7k, 8k, 9k, whatever.
A lot of people will be looking to add around 5k I think.
maybe history wont repeat because circumstances have changed since 2013, etc short selling more prominent, bitcoin futures etc
Most sensible people have figured out that its is a Chinese Ponzi scheme and not the Garden of Eden.
[deleted]
You should've made this post shorter
so you are saying we should play it short?
Maybe. This may also be the bottom at 6200 usd.
that would be 90% drop from ATH

that would be bigger than any drop seen yet.
Even the 2015 low of ~$180 was a blip in trading that quickly retraced back to ~$270

70% drops from ATH has been the low point... which is about $6k

I never thought Bitcoin would go that high in 2017 but now that it has... I think $2k is very unlikely. There's not much bad news other than price. Lots of good news on innovation. I feel bad for anyone who sells.

Even if whales start dumping hard, I call a $5k hard bottom


I'm a buyer at $1350.
If BTC can't hold 15k, then we are truly into uncharted territory.



If BTC can't hold 12k, then we are truly into uncharted territory.


If BTC can't hold 10k, then we are truly into uncharted territory.


If BTC can't hold 8k, then we are truly into uncharted territory.


[If BTC can't hold 6k, then we are truly into uncharted territory.](https://i.imgur.com/9otv3YS.gif)
Eh bitcoin was under 6k for most of its existence

Only now we see real correction from the last year's bubble. Now we have to wait and see what happens when all the people that are in bitcoin just as an investment tool get out and sell, and we will see what is its *real value* - real fundamental value - how many people actually need uncensorable digital money.

It won't go down to 0, but it can go even to 4k. If everyone sells
If that really happens, it won't stop at 5.9k.  So let's hope it does not happen.
What about 10k ?
Yeap, agree.

Based on last interval between ATHs, around 3-4 years.

Just put whatever you have into cold store and come back in 2022.
Oh gee, look what Coinbase just did today. What a coincidence..I'm shocked! Umm, not really. This is just the first domino in a long lined game. Everyone is being played but who cares. Buy it cheap or hold what you have because once the money starts coming in from the big boys, the top cryptos in their "blue chip" allocations will see some impressive ath's in the coming months/years.

[https://blog.coinbase.com/coinbase\-index\-fund\-is\-open\-for\-investment\-61217606f1ef](https://blog.coinbase.com/coinbase-index-fund-is-open-for-investment-61217606f1ef)
If it's true, it's good news because at least we have an acceptable bottom.
Another dagger to the heart

https://www.investing.com/news/cryptocurrency-news/bitcoin-is-slipping-after-a-study-claiming-its-2017-bull-run-was-driven-by-market-manipulation-1491257


Why should ANY institutional investor buy a useless, energy wasting funtoken? Really, I don't get it.
... and people who listened to all these 'buy dip' advice since beginning of this year would have lost a lot of money
At the beginning of last year crypto might have been a good investment until December, but after January it's just on an unstoppable free fall.
When are people going to stop calling this a dip, throwing good money after bad, and realize this is an absolute free fall and will likely never see mass adoption? Call it FUD if you'd like, but one day you may call it advice you should have listened to. Don't keep throwing your hard earned dollars at this shit to keep your dream of it making you rich alive. 
It was a similar situation that lead to the creation of HODL. HODL doesn't mean hold on when it's all green and dandy. 
Just shows the power the early adopters have and how much bitcoin is in the hands of a small few. 
wrong, it's going to negative 3k
 “Oversold is a condition in which the price of an underlying asset has fallen sharply to a level below where its true value resides. This condition is usually a result of market overreaction or panic selling and is generally considered short term in nature.”
Just because TA says 5k, now everyone expects 5k. Most people don’t have their own opinion. 
tl;dr but sounds more like you are the one creating more FUD.

RSI at 1d, 1w, 1m, 4h, 1h ..... all between 30 and 70, which means NEUTRAL.

So please cut the BS.   BTC is NOT Oversold as you claimed.
coindesk agrees with you...

https://www.coindesk.com/oversold-price-bitcoins-rsi-just-hit-its-lowest-level-since-2016/
I was wondering if we were close to the bottom and if my short should be closed but after reading your comment I've just added to it at 6500. 

Thanks for being delusional and may you continuing buying the dip all the way down to 5k and beyond. Although, I doubt that the most aggressive bulls among you are actually buying the dip. You and all the other moonboys are likely just trying to inject hopium into others so that they will buy. 
You don't see the irony in saying 'nothing comes easy in life' after describing what you're going to do when you're filthy rich from simply buying and holding Bitcoin?   

Perhaps you should heed your own advice when you evaluate the likelihood of that outcome. 
Wow! Look at you working so hard for your goals by... not selling a broken investment...? Can’t imagine having no power over my dreams other than hoping they happen. 
"Nothing comes easy in life."

I'd say getting rich off a speculative investment, in terms of obtaining your financial independence, is as easy as it gets... when it works.
> believe me it will happen

Why should we?
That doesn't sound to shabby at all. I'll be doing something very similar
Bitcoin's perceived value is for it to be a common medium of exchange in the future aka a currency. When you treat it as an investment (HODL) it's value as a currency declines. As an investment, it is hardly different than cheaper clones like Peercoin that do the exact same thing albeit have a shorter blockchain. This is why more people should be bearish on bitcoin even though the idea is new and exciting.
You are to stupid to study anything, get your self a proper job and be prepared to work till you are 70.



This is just a friendly advice. 
> HODL on tight folks to your dreams. Nothing comes easy in life. Even bitcoin. 

Very well said. When a new ATH is inevitably reached; im going to pursue my dreams of programming smart contracts all day long instead of doing it after fucking work when im tired and burnt the fuck out. Programming all day at work is tiring as fuck
That reads enjoyably so much like a personal, the only thing missing is long walks on the beach... oh, and watching sunsets. For me, I'd add, the cabana boy bringing me a mai tai and a pūpū platter as I lounge in deep shade on a sultry day along the Gulf of Thailand.
Take a step back and realize you're not alone. The entire crypto space is fueled by people's dream to get rich quick without producing anything of value. 

How sustainable do you think that is? All the hodlers today getting lambos, going to moons, retiring from jobs, etc.  

Also what exactly do you think will cause it to moon if it does? More suckers buying into the same dream that you have, that they too will get rich quick. Maybe it does moon again, the price going higher relies on newer people coming in, paying higher than you 

Sure we like to look at stories of few early adopters that got rich, that's what makes bitcoin so enticing. But the fact of the matter is most people don't make money off crypto. We can't all get lambos, the few lambos and whales who take advantage of pumps and dumps do so out of all the people's investments who got in for the same reason as you. 
If you ever want to sail on Barnegat Bay NJ or Lake Ponchatrain, New Orleans,   get in touch.   What sort of inventions do you wish to work towards?
Rent seeker and hypocrite.
You are in for a shock. It just happened.
Too late. If I sell now. I'll have lost 4k. Which is certainly more than I can afford. The reality that I completely fucked myself it setting in. Just another Boulder adding to the mountain of things going wrong in my life right now. The attractiveness of ending it is getting more and more everyday haha
the smart money have huge bags to fill and therefore need liquidity at low levels to do it.  Which means they need people to sell off en mass.  Need to scare everyone good n' proper.
Three comments later ⬆️ “it’s dead”
you mean your losses right? :)
No, because there has to be INTEREST in Bitcoin for a big pump. But the sentiments are BAD. REALLY bad. Why should anyone with a sane mind enter a market that got burned in one of the hugest bubbles in recent histories? Do a reality check.
We'll probably see $5k before that happens
I really don't think it will go under 6 because it becomes a burden to mine it and I think there is an organization behind the scenes that are going to make sure this thing stays standing.
It would be a good thing allowing new entries into the market. If only they obey rule number and control their keys. 
it will only work great for you if you miss it again :)
As always, wait for Chinese New Year money to pour in.
then the big money doesn't have anybody to sell to up high so they are not bullish either

do you have any idea what kind of crap you are saying? 
Yes.
If it went down to the 3k area and held I would buy some.
Why don't you go and do something useful.
what's stopping you from helping to make 'the tech' better? 
"this is good for bitcoin"
Like clockwork... your asshole comment typed from your crippled chair 
oui
Profit taking.

6.5 can go either way.

What is surprising to me is that there are still so many open positions.  That means a lot of shorts believe it going to crash even lower.
How do you view the shorts?
They see the bigger picture. Market cannot travel in only one direction.
It's just Coinbase preparing all infrastructure for institutional investment offerings. Basically, it's a very good thing in the long haul. They're moving up with the big dogs.

Quotes of interest from Coinbase:   
 

"The platform will offer professional trading tools and services, delivered through a completely reengineered UI that will make the trading experience easier and more intuitive."

"Institutional customers can take advantage of our suite of products that were announced last week." 
Coinbase owned Gdax. Coinbase pro is basically the same thing as gdax, with a different domain and updated UI.
He also said, "I’ll tell you another story that is underreported, but worth paying attention to. Bitcoin is really controlled by China. There are four miners in China that control over 50&#37; of Bitcoin… How do we know that China won’t intervene?  How many countries want to use a Chinese\-controlled currency?” 
“This planet has - or rather had - a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movement of small green pieces of paper, which was odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.”
Alts are valued in bitcoin because bitcoin is the entry point. Bitcoin is valued in fiat because fiat is the entry point. Give it time. It's early...very early. I remember all the talk about IOT back in 2010 when I was a network security admin. Only now are we really seeing implementation and still very early.  
Of course we'd like to see all coins independently valued but there has to be growth stages. And for the record we DO talk of a decentralized market with even chances. ALL THE TIME!
The most intelligent people consistently win in every market. Expecting Bitcoin or anything of value to remain decentralized is a pipe dream. The most intelligent people will recognize value the fastest, accumulate it most efficiently, and keep it as part of their portfolio until there's a good reason to get rid of it. In other words, value in general centralizes around these people by default in a free market.
Because doing things is hard Wombat. Can't we just all just post dead lambo memes instead??
Yes cheaper bitcoin is good for bitcoin.
Please stop with this people have been saying this since 18k. 
When BTC was first useful as a currency over the dark web - $200.
it would be variable.  if it becomes unprofitable, miners leave, thus difficulty drops, thus block reward shares go up, it will always be sustainable.  don't forget that bitcoin operated for many years at sub $1k without any problems.
Around just $500 in Venezuela, no joke.
6.5
Around 4-6k depending on where the miner is located
I have heard about 5k depending on power. 
You jinxed it!  Thanks a lot!
Your post was quite upsetting to me because you said Period instead of Full stop and you are not American.
Fees, hugely expensive? Yesterday I transferred .25btc for 0.00000142btc. today I have withdrawn 850usd from PayPal to my Russian bank account - it cost me 3.8% (difference due conversion rate from official exchange rate rub-usd).

And yes, I did transfer right on that yesterday's block that took 1+ hour to mine, still got full transfer in 2 hours with such tiny fee. And my PayPal withdrawal... Well, they promise 5-7 business days so I expect it on 21st of June. 

Bitcoin had failed, really?
Ok scrotum or whatever your name is
Ok, and this is not just defending Bitcoin, but man, have even looked at all the failures most successes endure before actually becoming successes? The painful internet early access speeds? The horrible wireless communications? Or a recent example... the internet of things. We've been talking about it for ages and only now starting to see real progress. The shitty buggy operating systems? 10 years is nothing, and Bitcoin needed that decade just to prove it's foundational stability.
Next comes the tweaking and layers to add and improve functionality. Much like the internet really.
I don't think you know how pyramid schemes work. 
If you believe the bitcoin has zero value why are you even in this sub? If you're looking for someone to buy your bitcoins then put them up for sale, I'll be happy to buy them from you. Thanks
This was posted yesterday sooooo
I agree 10 years, going on to 11 is way too long. I think that’s why the early adopter who own most of the coins are selling. But they are selling to new generation who maybe do better than they failed to do. It’s sad. 
What's your point? Settlement times on Visa/Mastercard merchant accounts are from 24 hours upto 5 days with equally high fees....

Edit: missing word.
10 years is apparently a long time now? lmao
Your comment is retarded. 
umm from your birth what did you achieve in ten years exactly.??
barely anything cool happens in the first ten years of anything. your BUGGING
Yike's! This one is thick. Ok, it has failed. Move along, friend. 
people who sell now won't forget it :)
Bravo. What next?
The shorts are making a fortune.  Why would they get squeezed out?
Most of the shorts started accumulating on 30 May.

Good call on their part and making good money.  I'm surprise they have not started closing their position when it hit 6.5k.
Yes and no…
Stop asking stupid question and survive 6.5k first. 
[deleted]
At minimum 
Jesus Christ dude 
Papa is ready at 4k.
Could be a trap but if a few other whales and some fish come along and pile on, it could give us some nice momentum. Then the fact that the upwards movement was started by a trap would be mostly irrelevant.

So as u/BitcoinAlways would say if he were here:

&nbsp;

**COME ON BULLS!**

&nbsp;

Edit: just a slight clarification on the sentence about the potential trap.
And what are they expecting to catch with this trap? Those of us who haven’t watched it drop for 6 months? Booooo
It could be. But If it hits 6.6k I'll be much more comfortable. 
[deleted]
It's 12.5 now. 
Why would the price go up because the miners want it / need it to stay in business? That’s not how markets work.
"It doesn't have a project". What exactly do you mean by this? But yes redditor for three weeks let me take your wise advice and invest primarily in shit coins. Dentacoin for instance. Or I hear bitconnect is at a nice discount from the highs.
they can loose you a lot more money too
why are you here?lol
subverting the financial system and the emancipation millions from the drudgery of a system reminiscent of indentured servitude is a project.  Get outa here. 
Lol, not familiar with the term open source then?! 
by break you mean, its going up or down? excuse my ignorance
Christianity spread through conquest in the dark ages, and Bitcoin is a *voluntary* **open source** system which combines cryptography, economics, game theory, computer networking and data transmission. They are nothing alike.

Can someone remind me when the last time was we burned witches because they weren't accepting Bitcoin?

edit: bitch deleted his comment.. no coiners are the worst... if you "truly" understand the technology and still think it's a "scam" or a "religion" then put your money where your mouth is and short bitcoin.
hmmm well we didn't go above 8,000 before heading towards 6,000 so I'd say the patten is already broken. 
I haven’t seen a better example of confirmation bias in quite some time. Thanks! 
This gave me an erection. My buy orders are stacked around 4k. 
No.
BTC is on mega sale.
My wife hates it...  it she also said don’t sell soooo lol
Set up a lightning node. Reminds you that bitcoin is about much more than price
I literally look every 30 minutes. 
Maybe your in too deep, hold a balance that you feel comfortable forgetting about. Greed is the only reason why your stressing rn
How much have you lost brother?
I will gladly pay you Tuesday in bitcoin for a hamburger today.
There are 21 million bitcoins with no intrinsic value.  That is plenty.  How much is a VCR worth? They don't make any more of those. 
I need to read this, but I looked up "hyperbitcoinization" on youtube and found a recent video by Daniel Krawisz, author of this article.  He seems crazy AF now.  The video showed footage from \_Triumph of the Will\_ and called bitcoiners mindless followers.  He seems to have gone over to bcash and there was no sign from his dark, computer lit room that he had made any real world improvements in his life from all the HODLing he must have done from early days. 
Dude, if manipulation like Tether, wash trading, etc are stopped, BTC's price will plunge right to the dirt.

Manipulation is holding the price up, not dragging it down.  It's the panic sellers that are pulling it down.
So I can fud the altcoins?
Truthfully, I'm not worried. Mostly for comedic purposes. I'm actually glad that this might force out weak hands. 
Give me 10 min to get home then yes 
Hm, I try to answer that honestly... below ca. $3000 I would start to panic.
yeah, my bad
He's probably referring to the $150 pump that just happened.
[deleted]
What goes down must go up, nobody knows
Real Profit > Unrealised Profit > Unrealised Loss > Real Loss

You might say this is common sense but I assure you that a lot of people here don't see it that way.
Buying back in at a higher price is losing. 
Yeah its more that i expected allot more than this back in late november. Ofc i could expect a new years dip that was fine(part of the game), but now i am starting to get tired of the bullshit around it
If you don't cut your losses, you're only going to get more and more stressed. If you sell now, you can buy back in lower and get more coins than you have now.
weak hands always get rekt'ed; its virtually a law of nature at this point 
I remember so seriously considering selling at $600. I had been under water a long time due to the 2014-2016 bear market and I was just peaking my head above water. I re-evaluated my reasons for being invested and decided to stay invested. I love being my own bank and have every reason to believe Bitcoin is the future of trust.

I'm not sure what you will do but don't let your emotions drive your decision making.
alive. buying more for less. tbh, attempted a little short too (with a tight stop though, I guess/hope it wont work out)
Buy more what ? :))) Seriously I think I'll wait for it so drop to like 2 dollars before i buy.
Maybe dollar cost average your pile.
I think the moon days are not in the near future my space loving friend. 
Starting school. No debt yet. The tether news isn’t news. People have been saying that for a year. 
well, he did mention that

> Whales trying to flush weak hands

so, that seems it worked as expected.

on the other hand, that 1800 btc buy wall on Kraken actually increased in value as it held. so some hands are selling, others can't wait to accumulate more.
> and they're selling

dumb money always gets rekt'ed in due time
Well by definition they do exist, ie there definitely are people buying large amounts of BTC in one go. I think it would be naive to think that no one is attempting to manipulate the market. If you look it happens in plain sight  
Nope been in bitcoin since 2013, just saying since the rally to $9700 we have been in steady decline ever since.
My dawg, I have been here. I know how high we came from. There was a rally with upward trends for two to three weeks before hitting $9700. Since then we have literally been in decline almost every day. I know overall we are down big but it would just be nice to get a week or two of upward trends again. 
That’s the least of my questions
Still early adopters?
But you need to wait until all the HODLers cut their losses.  That will be the blood in the streets.  We are nowhere near that point yet but I do expect us to get there.
Yep, not a bad strategy at all.
Kiss my arse you wanker! 
You mad because you bought in in december and sold in feburary lol get rekt'ed
  'E's not pinin'! 'E's passed on! This coin is no more! He has ceased to be! 'E's expired and gone to meet 'is maker! 'E's a stiff! Bereft of life, 'e rests in peace! If you hadn't nailed 'im to the Tether 'e'd be pushing up the daisies! 'Is metabolic processes are now 'istory! 'E's off the twig! 'E's kicked the bucket, 'e's shuffled off 'is mortal coil, run down the curtain and joined the bleedin' choir invisible!! THIS IS AN EX\-COIN!! 
That ship has sailed
Why are you even here if you think the people in this sub are idiots. Oh yeah you’re a troll form /r/buttcoin. Can we get this guy banned?
8k was a good price, too...
I agree but that's a fucking shitty idea 
What is with you fudsters comparing bitcoin to enron? Second person I've seen doing that today. 
insTITuuuuushunz  n IRS gonna confiscate ur assets if u hold btc at that point
I'm sorry, this is the short version of a long post.
short it?
Now knowing that the price was intentionally manipulated upwards though, you have to factor that into your logic 
I've been using bitcoin to circumvent US sports gambling laws. It's become so unreliable and inconsistent in price that it is no longer profitable to use it as a means to do that. 
So is everyone else lol!
Let's hope we stop at the 6k line.
The point is not that BTC reaches 6K but that it crash from 20k to 6k.  

It is a new low after ATH and the downwards momentum is scary.
This market is driven by algos that have fib based targets, they don't feel emotion.
how can you now that? serious question, where can you see "support"? 
Run some numbers and look at the charts. If my assessment is correct, Bitcoin may stay below $3k for some time if it does get that low. 

If you haven't unloaded already, then holding and waiting for this storm to pass may be the best option. No reason to sell any now as it is nearly $6k. Selling now means instant loss. Holding and waiting for it to rise, and it will rise again, will preserve your stash and future capital.
[deleted]
This has literally been announced and in the works for a very long time.
Naw, at this point that's just another poke with a blunt pen. This will all pass ... watch a netflix series and come back when the price is up again lol.
Same reason they invest in other useless energy wasting things that had zero value until people collectively decided it had value. The same reason they play with futures contracts. 

The bitcoin network has value of course, and it's been talked about more than enough over the past decade, so if you don't get it by now, just forget about it. A global store of value, decentralized with multiple possible benefits ... but that's not what institutional investment cares about. At all. Not one bit.
Limited supply, unlimited demand for a utility. Transfer of value.
They are speculators like many of us ..... except with deeper pockets.
Only if they had weak hands my nigga 
lol someone is getting their face ripped off lol im laughing all the way to the bottom my nigga, and buying all the way down lol 
Oh look, another guy who doesn’t know shit saying shit about shit.
Why are you here.
So bitcoin’s algorithm which rewarded early adopters every 10 minutes with a lot of coins is better than  this? Now these whales are taking over the market and the few they make available to sell, plummets the markets. That’s a horrible strategy if it was even the original thought out. 
I should be able to buy at least 8x as many coins as I sold then.
Am I to assume your point is the price is currently above true value?
I wouldn’t call hodling through drops like this easy. This shit takes grit. 
Wtf are you?
simple.  Logic. 🖖
Same thing here. I would prefer to pay for all of these things using crypto.
One reason bitcoin is the best is because it has the strongest resistance to 51% attack than any other POW coin. 
Believe it or not I graduated from one of the best schools in the USA.  You have no idea what I am capable of.   The one thing I value (and lack) above all else is time. Trying to get that. 

Edit:  and oh I have a job. And it sucks. Had enough of the corporate world. Too much bullshit. 
So salty in here today...
Nice. I hope that happens for you. 
😆
Holy crap is that shortsighted.  Bitcoin is only held by a minuscule percentage of the world’s population.  WE are still early adopters.  Even if you are just starting out with bitcoin today at these prices, there is plenty of opportunity for it to moon and get your Lambo if that’s your desire.  

It will take years rather than months though 
Thank you very nice offer.  I’d rather not say what inventions I have in mind but they deal with transportation. 
Don't do anything silly, you might be $20k up next year, no one knows but taking your own life is never the answer.
That's sunk cost fallacy. If you had thousands of dollars in your bank account, would you buy Bitcoin right now? If the answer is no, you should sell.
Wyckoff lays it all out, read his shit.  Smart money is accumulating at the bottoms and distributing on the dumb money at the top.  Where are we....that's right, near the bottom whether it's here or 4K.  The dumb money is scared and won't jump in until it's pumping and approaching the top.

You don't make money following the herd of dumbasses.  See the '08 crash, millionaires were made in that cause they were buying everything up on the bottom when the dumbasses that were fomo'ing in at the top were capitulating and full of fear/depression. 
I have plenty of interest in bitcoin.  Here have some interest in bitcoin.  
Because it's 80% off. 
BTC will just adjust the complexity and make it cheaper to mine when there are less miners.  That's the beauty of BTC - it works regardless of price.
If what you say is true then it’s in the interest of that organisation to push the price lower. That would shake out some miners so their market share would increase
Wall street is getting their bonuses soon; hodl for that
At some point the big money will see an opportunity and pump eet 
>hatever 'selling' is occuring is shorting. At this point that is all just paper proffit. The only way to realise the profit is to 

I am waiting to 5k to dca
Right.
> typed from your crippled chair 

leave his crippled chair out of it 
Yeah dude. My crippled chair has nothing to do with it. Just crippled me.
Thanks ;)
This \^
5-5.3K.  Probably not in a straight line from here but the smart pro money (at least that I know/talk to) has been short for awhile and are just adding to the shorts on the little pops
https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/BTCUSDSHORTS/

Note that it shows only a subset - USD on Bitfinex only
just more tools for the whales to take money out of the small guys

sounds like really what bitcoin was trying to do HA
So any real reason to switch? I saw it wanted me to sign up again and at that point I figured its the same amount of work to switch to something with higher volume? 
it's sarcastic 
A lot more miners are in existence nowadays
Yeah but doesnt the difficulty adjust every 2 weeks? Not fast eneough if it drops like a stone.
Also can the reward halving be "reversed" as back when it was 1k werent the miners getting 50btc a block. 
I’m sorry. I shall commit harakiri.
Blockchain is the tech, BTC is just a by-product incentive.

Blockchain is thriving and there are plenty of use cases out there now that has nothing to do with BTC.  These projects will continue to innovate and build on blockchain long after BTC is history.
I think you don't understand pyramid schemes.  Because if you do, BTC speculation is exactly that.

Profits have been derived purely from increasing number of late participants paying higher prices to the earlier participants.  Zero profit was generated from the product (BTC) itself.  This is what a pyramid scheme is.
Indeed. This comment is copypasta from yesterday. Try harder Mr. FUD
4k, which is high resolution
Well pretty simple just as BTC price won't increase for eternity, it won't decrease till zero, somewhere there comes a point where short seller (who loaned their bitcoins) have to cover their positions. Once they start doin that the price will increase and all the shorters will be in panic and a massive price increase in a short period of time is a fact
Because these aren't shorters bringing the market down, these are people who have enough, just got out and be done with it. 
At this juncture, most people wants to know what's the bottom.
People who think that it has bottomed and start buying.
I'm a long term hodler.  Don't plan to sell for years and maybe never. 
It's not because the miners want it, but because new supply will be cut in half.
6 months and no one should take investment advice from a random guy. Tell me, what is the actual use of btc, what are they doing with it, where is it implemented? 
1000€ drop in 7 days is quite a lot no? 😂
Just tryna get banned because I saw a post about the BTC mods banning people because they told facts about other coins
yes. 
Hahaha
Me too
How many video tapes do you still own?
No intrinsic value... Right. /s
price was $654.09 when he wrote this. 
Yes very sad. He got ostracized by the rest of the "nakamoto institute" people so that group is still okay.
Don't worry it's coming. Nothing is going to stop this selloff.
[deleted]
True. Ultimately I'm hoping for it to settle around 5k and stay put for a few years 
That's the mindset that drive most people to lose money.

When the price is on the downturn, it's always better to take profit.  If the price recover and is on the upturn, you capitalise on the potential profit.  Sure, you lose some potential gains in between but that's far better than taking a loss.
I had no emotions after being down to -%60. Just looking at the current situation and rolling my eyes to that. I'll need that money to spend around Sept./Nov. So i'll be alright until that.
Well, regulators were not interested a year ago.

They are now so you can expect the noise level to escalate.
True that, this one really surprised me in terms of how many people it has shaken out.  I just really wish I had more capital available, this would be such a great time to pick up a whole coin but I wasn't ready for that big of a purchase.  Ah well, I grabbed a few hundred bucks worth and will be doing about 300-400 bucks more after I see how we do around the 6k mark.
man that rally really breathed some life into my empty sullen bones.  if we could just sit at 9k for a year I'd be happy.  anything below 8k has me stressed all the time
Likely.
Pretty much. It makes no sense to do anything but short until then.
Remains to be seen. As of now it's not. 
So was 17k. Bitcoin to the moon baby
Because you do it with the stockmarket, so I gave you something to think about. 

Why don't you zoom out on Worldcom too. 
tit?
I don't accept the concept of "manipulation". 

That is a cop out. Nobody forces me to buy or sell.

Manipulation = Opportunity
Well it’s legal now sooooo
Damn Bitcoin to let you down in your law breaking
> using bitcoin to circumvent US sports gambling laws

good, gooooooodd
Yeah the bubble finally popped, now we are finding actual demand for the tech outside of get-rich-quick investors
I'm sorry but it's just a hunch.

My hunch says that purely from a psychological point of view, $6k was the lowest since ATH and if it goes below that this time with all the pent up negativity, .... the result is a free fall.

Don't forget the last time it touched $6k, optimism was high, most people treated it as just an incidental dip and it recovered almost immediately.
BTC paper wallet.
Man....
Yep ...ummm, that's kind of my point :). ...Along with many other crypto investment vehicles that have been in the works for a long time. I suspect you'll see many of them officially "open for investment" in the near future. 
So bullrun next week?
But who cares then? Some anarcholibertarians and right-wingers like Stephen Bannon? It's a serious question, because I see no benefit in it. It should be trustless, but it isn't. You have to trust in people to not lose interest and cash out, you have to trust in people that they just don't shift to the nearest fork. There is nothing exclusive to it but people saying it has the most resilient history. But history is no linear thing. It can change. Any time. 
But does it have any real value? Stripe dropped Bitcoin because it was slow.
Yeah you are right, if he doesn't think it's going up then he 'knows shit' 😂😂😂
Signs you're in denial:

Someone telling you to be careful with hard earned money -  Doesn't know shit about shit. 

Someone telling you Bitcoin will be worth 10x by eoy - sound and reasonable person
I'm here for the bants
Just call me the voice of reason
Not saying it's the best strategy, just that the meme was relating to similar dark times, not the good times. But trading is terrible for those (like me) who are terrible at trading, I believe in the potential of bitcoin so I just hodl through the crashes. 

I agree though that early adopters play a large role in market movements (as has been the case for years, see for example the infamous 2014 Bear Whale https://www.cnbc.com/2014/10/09/bitcoins-bearwhale-and-the-future-of-a-cryptocurrency.html). For them to sell off others have to buy, slowly the distribution may move away from them. It will be interesting to watch how it unfolds. 
Go to https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/BTCUSD/technicals/ and read it yourself.

RSI at every time interval is NEUTRAL.  It is neither Oversold nor Overbought.  I.e. it's just another BS post.
Dreams of grandeur that lead to you not doing something does not equal hard work. 
Getting rich off of "investing" in something as speculative as Bitcoin is really easy when you convince yourself that you're gonna retire off of it.
Well you have me convinced 🙄
[deleted]
That's a weak response to a genuine question. 

You have a lot to say when you're boasting about this magic money but when somebody asks you why you say "logic" as if it's something a 5 year old should know? Please. That's weak as fuck and you know it. 

So I ask you again - why should anybody believe that Bitcoin will moon again? Lay it out for me. You understand it well right? So explaining it shouldn't be a problem for you. 
Me too.  Probably take 4-5 years though.   
I've hear that argument before, but I have yet to see any crypto currency suffer that sort of attack. 
[deleted]
Look obviously you're very invested in this. You believe that it will moon to 100k or whatever. But that's just wishful thinking not some kind of a fact. I'm not saying there's no guarantee it won't, but there's no guarantee either ways.

I don't know what price you bought Bitcoin at, lets say 10k. You bought it because you believe it will moon to 100k. For someone to buy it at 100k, they have to believe it will moon to 1 million and so forth. Do you not understand my point? Bitcoin's price reflects this speculative game that's zero sum. It's not some magical infinitely growing money where everybody wins. People don't buy bitcoin to use its technology, they buy it for dreams of yacht based on "potential" adoption of the tech by *other* people. Isn't this a perfect description of you and many others here?

Doesn't feel good right now that Bitcoin is at 6k right? Right now there are people who made their profits selling bitcoin to you. All you're hoping for when it moons is for the next batch of idiots to buy into the get rich quick scheme so you can profit off  *their* dreams of retiring, getting rich, not working, etc. Maybe they want to study physics too instead of being at corporate office. Even if your dream comes true, all you've done is profit their dreams while they're still stuck at the office with their hard earned money gone
Kind of tired of fucking myself over.  It's becoming habitual at this point. 
My hero!
No decent traders will take such risks without a hedge somewhere else.  I wonder what they are hedging on since there aren't any counter balance to cryptos (they are all linked).
Thank you!
The price chart has mousewheel zooming now. Not sure what else is different. It's just 2 UIs using the same backend code I imagine
And many will leave the business when it's unprofitable.  

Hashrate will drop, followed by Complexity.  Remaining miners will then resume business.
Nooo not yet!  It looks like you might be in the clear...
Again, those other projects don't have 10 years of stability to back the confidence required to move forward. As you said, blockchain is the underlying tech, and rest assured BTC can be upgraded, layered and improved. 10 years with 99.99% uptime and stability under huge volume provides the test pass to move forward. These new projects may encounter multiple bugs and flaws that are yet to be discovered and are nowhere near catching up to the progress in real use case that Bitcoin has made.
> pyramid schemes

":a form of investment in which each paying participant recruits two or more further participants, with returns being given to early participants using money contributed by later ones."

The whole reason it is called a "pyramid" scheme is because the distribution model resembles a pyramid. BTC speculation does not involve recruiting participants under you, and then taking profits from those people under you. That is the definition of a pyramid scheme. BTC has no relation to a pyramid scheme at all. 
Huh?  The shorts are raking it in and will continue to do so. Why would they need to close out their positions?  Something external would have to cause the price to spike for their to be a squeeze that forces shorts to exit their position.  
No no.. I understand 
your altcoins dropped twice the %
five days later.... your attempt failed :(  sorry try again another time :)
funny right?
Same number as the number of bitcoins I own.
I doubt it. But we will see, won't we?
[deleted]
Only buy with money you’d otherwise light on fire. 


The panic and worry are great amusement.

Another week, another buy for me.. don’t get rekt. 
Touché 
Haha same...I am hopeful for the future though. Interestingly enough  these dips are very similar to past charts. My guess is over the next few months we will slowly creep back up and then see another large rally like last year. But what do I know...
How can you compare a disruptive technology like bitcoin to these defunct companies? All your doing is purposely trying to scare people into selling.
manipulation is a very real thing, the reality is me or you or even all of us on reddit are peanuts in comparison to institutional money 
Ah okay, i always thought its possible to see the whole orderbook somewhere and based on that you could see what people are willing to pay or something like that.
Well, yeah. You don't want to open a crypto index fund when the price just went parabolic so all of your investors immediately lose a shit\-ton of money and get skittish. Same reason Novogratz hasn't opened his yet.
LOL, no but watching this stuff day to day can skew opinions. It's very early.
Go ask all the people who store their money in Swiss Bank Accounts and Panama and off shore if there is any value in storing money outside your gov'ts control. Then ask them if there is any value in being able to send Millions of dollars across borders for pennies.
No, it’s the “likely will never see mass adoption” that shows your ignorance.  The utility of a universal currency one can cross borders with and spend anywhere is too great, not to mention the other benefits of a digital currency like bitcoin.  The price may continue to go down as the speculators leave, for now.  But it will continue to grow.
We should make a drinking game.  Every time someone uses the word “delusional”, you must take a shot.  We’d be more wasted than John mcafee here. 
Forgive me, I didn’t think that was a serious question, since if you look at my post history virtually ever other post is me trying to lay out that exact argument.  Must I rehash all of my points for the last five months doing that just for you?  Pay attention. 

I will say just this.   Look at the price chart since 2010.  this is a bubble just like many before that have come and gone in bitcoins history.  There is too much money, brainpower and energy that has gone into bitcoin for this bubble to be any different.  I will be proven right. You will see. 
I used to chuckle reading the silly memes that came out about moon on bad days, but this is honestly starting to get sad. Don't invest more than you can afford to lose. 
>51&#37;

[https://www.coindesk.com/blockchains\-feared\-51\-attack\-now\-becoming\-regular/](https://www.coindesk.com/blockchains-feared-51-attack-now-becoming-regular/)
Give me a break. You are just a contrarian troll.  
I’ve only been here 5 months and I’m supporting a thing I truly believe in.  That is valuable to me as well.  Besides many of my posts happen while I’m taking a break at work.   Speaking of which thanks for reminding me that I’m wasting my time arguing with you. 
If bitcoin succeeds in its long term mission to either be gold 2.0 or the dominant currency than the “idiots” that come after me will get their moon too.   No guarantees but I think it is possible we could get to 300k in 5 years.  1 million in 10. 
I know that feeling well but we must carry on regardless. 
Lol nah they aren't hedging long, btc has been screaming bear for awhile now it's just a waste of money to go long.  These guys are making 6 figures shorting
BTC is just a ledger entry, a by-product as a incentive to decentralisation.

You can have blockchain without BTC.

And if you are referring to BTC as a currency use case, both you and I know that's a failure by any measure.
see the last squeeze (the 1K 1 hour candle) for a easy example.  People were loading up on shorts and getting greedy even though price was flattening out.  Btc is super low liquidity, not hard for a whale or group of them to pump it enough to kick start the chain reaction of stop losses and liquidations of over leveraged shorters.  I don't think we're there yet but it'll prob happen, just how markets go.
No they didn't 😎 they dropped 1,5 the %. 👌👌
Frick
which is why your opinion here is worthless
Cash out and save your money.
It’s true. And I’ve known it but I have been in denial. This is exactly like the 2013 crash. To the fucking T. which means we have a while til we bottom out and maybe a few years before we reach the ATH again. 
lol what has it disrupted so far, other than your net worth?🤔
Not to be offensive but both were based on manipulation and both crashed.

Yes, BTC is a disruptive technology but make no mistake - it was price manipulation that helped it reach ATH in both 2013 and 2017.
Bitcoin is not disruptive, that's blockchain and there is 0 need of bitcoin to let blockchain work in this world, that's why the big guys like Oracle etc are implementing blockchain tech into their products without having any need of Bitcoin at all. 

Bitcoin will be 0,004 cents when things pick up and the Fed makes a dollarcoin, if you think governments and big corpo are going to sit on the side and give away power of currency to a failed bitcoin, then you are delusional. 
>Not to be offensive but both were based on manipulation and both crashed.Yes, BTC is a disruptive technology but make no mistake \- it was price manipulation that helped it reach ATH in both 2013 and 2017.

World Com actually had a lot of assets.  Bitcoin has nothing.  
You can actually see the whole order book on bitfinex.

But whether it's real or not is another matter.
Well it's an index, you hold it. You don't trade it. Getting your investors in at the lowest entry point since last year may be a pretty good idea. I'd say that the folks at Coinbase have somewhat of an 'in the know' advantage that easily keeps them more informed than all us on reddit combined. It's literally what they do every waking minute.  
So if they are investing this enormous amount of effort and money into institutional investment infrastructure, I'd say they have a fairly credible vision of what's coming down the pipe. 
I like this reply. Very to the point and says a lot in a little.
That's great in theory. There is no evidence of it happening in practice. 80% of the people I encounter in a day have lock screens on their cell phone that are a cluster f because they have idea how to get to their settings to turn notifications off. Do you think they, being the large majority, will ever have any interest in using Bitcoin?
Speaking of McAfee - how's that prediction looking?

https://fnordprefekt.de/
> There is too much money, brainpower and energy that has gone into bitcoin for this bubble to be any different

Are you trying to say that anything in life that's had brainpower, money and resources thrown at it is fail-proof?
I sure hope not. 

Also past bubbles correcting and price succeeding previous all time highs does not guarantee the trend will forever continue. You seem smart enough so I'm sure you realize why nothing you said constitutes as "convincing". 

You basically said "its gone up before so it will again" It may. But it also may not.

And "it's had so much money and time thrown at it, it can't fail!" Also false. 





I agree with that investment strategy.  

I see no harm in having a little fun while we wait for this thing to turn around. Lighten up. 
Presumably none of us here have invested more than we can afford to lose.  That is the common wisdom of anybody getting into any investment.
Brave.

I shorted from 9.9 but stopped at around 7.
I think margin calls on leveraged long positions causing a cascade effect is more likely based on recent trends. 
hey hey heeeeey
Well I have been telling people to get out since it was 19k.   I am not sure why opinion is worthless. My opinion is Bitcoin will go to zero.  That is why I own none. 
nope
that is funny
Damn the fudsters are out today huh. You people are fools.
Even though manipulation may have played a role in it, it was not the sole reason. Remember how bitcoin was all over the news in December, it blew up. Everyone was talking about it. That was mostly natural hype that drove the price up so high. And I haven't seen any proof of this manipulation yet.
What would be the purpose/characteristics of dollarcoin?  We already have digital dollars, Paypal, and ACH.

Dollarcoin would be pointless, and wouldn't be a substitute for BTC because it wouldn't be censorship resistant.
It's "block chain."
Block chain is just a Merkle tree - it's a practically ancient data structure in computer science. What it is, is a slow database using a tragically large amount of energy to "secure". Honestly, spending a country worth of electricity to "mine" is literally mindbogglingly irresponsible in a time of climate change.

There is nothing disruptive about block chain - it literally solves no problems for anyone - that can't better be solved by redundant databases, for a fraction if a fraction of a fraction of the energy cost of "distributed ledger" crap. So all these ICOs will die out. Literally, all of them.
You're delusional.
Bitcoin has nothing? Ok. You need to do some more research.
Always though it would be interesting to know how many BTC are needed to push the price to zero in a split second. 
I wish more people paid attention to this kind of thing, the fools dumping their coins at these criminal lows will regret it when these institutional onramps come online \-\- and we'll hear the similar stories to '13/14, but the sentiment is that we won't recover, so some feel justified in selling now, versus waiting for this to bottom out \-\- yet the technicals have only improved and continue to...
Absolutely
I think mcafee way overshot his prediction (although I’d love it to be true). 

My prediction has been 100k within 3 years.  So by 2021 we will hit that number. The halvening will help us get there.  I would not be surprised if we get to 300k bitcoin in 5 years.  
Of course not. But combine that with the long term trend history and it is more likely than not that the trend will continue. 

The fundamentals are still strong. Lightning network came out this year and is slowly but surely being implemented.   Anything worthwhile is going to take time. This is still a new industry.  Need to give it a chance to stretch its legs.  Guys like you are being too impatient.  Think years, not months. 
There are people here talking about pulling their kids college funds to invest them in a plummeting currency.  The f'ing hope and hype train on this board has the potential to wreck people's lives. Take a look at what happened to the people who listened to Cramer when he was honking horns and flashing lights saying bear Stern's was at rock bottom. They got wiped out.  History might be repeating itself. 
Which is why your opinion is worthless
cash out and buy back later when it's lower

if it runs up then you can always enter again

HODL is the most stupid thing you can do, this isnt AAPL, GOOG or MSFT we're talking about here. 
Always come out when the price is down. Year after year. When they stop for good, that's when bitcoin is dead.
constructive response
Isn't it clear by now that you are a bag carrier?
Go do a google on bitfinex'ed.

You can read it objectively and draw your own conclusion.

Or you can dismiss it and go into denial.
Dude, let's stop all these stupid ideas about BTC replacing fiat.

It is not going to happen.

This whole idea was shilled by BTC "Gurus" to create FOMO.


I gave you arguments, please give me arguments or stfu
I‘m guessing this is your first time investing in anything if you think that people will get rich quick off of a new investment vehicle *after* it‘s already hit mainstream media coverage.

Sure, dreams are nice. And some people got exactly what you‘re wishing for with BTC. But those people actually bought years ago and sold at some point in the last 12 months.

Everyone is aware of BTC now. There‘s no new people to reach.
That's a better reply. 

I've been investing trading since early 2014 believe me I know what years feel like. 

Also you may think I'm bearish but I'm incredibly bullish - I just feel an obligation to challenge posts like yours because there's way too much sunshine and smoke blown around here praising Bitcoin but never asks hard questions. So even though I'm long term here, I still challenge posts that boast about the imminent moon. Nothing personal.
You are correct.  Total madness.  I can say when I fomo'd in Dec,  it was like 2013 me regretting not learning about bitcoin.   I launched in and deepened my position DCA through present.   I'm planning on regular small buys to further DCA and maybe one day it will work out.   I woke up like yesterday, and I suspect the ride may just be beginning.   I will be OK with any outcome,  I made the choice and will live with it.  
Why even waste your time posting here.
I prefer the term investor. :p I know there's a slim possiblity it may never recover but if there's any chance it could blow up again I'm willing to take it. 

I didn't buy anywhere near the top plus I have only a small portion of my portfolio in crypto. I'm actually still up on my initial buy in. But I believe in it in the long run. You don't know the future any more than I do.
I have. There is still not concrete evidence. Just a lot of speculation.
Not true.  Most people I know in the real world (outside Reddit) never heard of bitcoin. And the few that do know have no real clue about how it works or that there are other cryptocurrency choices.   Despite the media coverage last year, many people just don’t know.  A lot of people to reach still. 
No problem. Mooning is subjective to the astronaut.  I do think we’ll surpass previous ath sometime this year though.   Not sure if that’s a legit moon or not. For some people it might be. 
Agree.  If you are willing to wait it out, there is a good chance you might succeed.

BTC went parabolic twice (manipulated or otherwise) so there's no reason why it can't happen the third time.

But until it happens, you are carrying the bag.  If that's fine for you, then all is good.
Yes, there is no solid evidence.

But it is not prudent to ignore the fact that $2.6B of Tether was created and bitfinex has to date, refused to provide an audited statement to show that it's backed 1-1 by USD.

Like I said, you can dismiss it and go into denial.
Speak of the devil -

https://www.investing.com/news/cryptocurrency-news/bitcoin-is-slipping-after-a-study-claiming-its-2017-bull-run-was-driven-by-market-manipulation-1491257

It does not matter what YOU believe.  It matters that the MARKET believes.
Where do you live? Those must be some hella isolated folk you know.

Anyway, mainstream media was on it for a few weeks like crazy. Won't happen again. No new recruits for your pyramid.
I bought in the sub $500 range so everything $3000 and up has felt like a "moon" to me. I'm ready for Mars now.
Possibly because USDT is providing a service that traditional banks refuse to provide in terms of conveniently moving money between exchanges, and an open audit of Tether accounts opens the door to further bank disruption and possible litigation by the issuing authority of the US dollar. 
I live in a heavily populated area of the USA.  Most of my colleagues are not tech people so that might be part of it.  

Also few people watch mainstream news anymore.  They are too busy on Facebook/instagram posting food pics, making selfies, watching cat videos and arguing with other idiots about politics. 

The market is ripe to be tapped.  Need proper education for the masses about crypto. 
That was very perspicacious of you.  Good for you 👍. Next stop for you then, Mars. 
If they are really providing such a service in a legit manner, then why has Bitfinex refused to allow redemption of USDT for USD?

The only reason I can think of is that they are selling USDT for dime on the dollar to privileged customers.
>	They are too busy on Facebook/instagram

You’re right. There was no mention of crypto on social media. /s

>	The market is ripe to be tapped

The market is currently dying down after its big December pump. You just tell
yourself that because you want to hold on to the hope of becoming rich and independent.

Hope you find a way to get there.
