Daily Discussion, June 11, 2018 -- TITLE
May will be great they said. New all time high by July they said.  


I'm just holding my coin like, none of you f'ers know what the FAQ you are talking about.
Nobody knows
What never gets old is the waves of propaganda accompanying every up or downswing, as the shorters try to get everybody to sell and those with long positions try to encourage buying.  
two days ago i was hoping that we could get back to 8500 range, that seems unlikely to happen to for the time being, now im hoping to get back on the 7600 range. that also seems unlikely to happen any time soon. 
PD: im not a trader, im just someone that is trying to save value from my country 's currency devaluation.
See y'all in 2022.
The dead cat bounce continues.
I guess I won’t be seeing much of a words “moon” and “lambo” on this sub anymore.
Here we go again.

## Moon Math Update: Noob DCA Strategy -- Second Edition -- Vol. 7

https://www.moonmath.win

We're on day 38 of our DCA. There are 204 days left until you've aquired your
first full position in Bitcoin.

* Weekend Price action
* The rear-view mirror
* Changing Projections
* Shifting Perspective?
* Distribution and Accumulation
* LocalBitcoins Volume
* Irrational Exuberance
* An Alternative to Corruption 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8qbvds/moon_math_update_noob_dca_strategy_second_edition/


The numbers Mason. What do they mean?
BTC pricing atm is messing with your head. And with low volume like this we are heading for a tumble.
Buy low now so you can sell lower later!
The floor for BTC is the amount of value in the network required to support the number of in\-flight transactions happening at any given time. The only folks who leave wealth in BTC for longer than it takes to move it are the people who (1) expect to transfer it again shortly, (2) have no better currency available for short\-term storage or (3) hope it will go up in value again sometime in the future. The latter dominates the market cap at this point, and that's why the price is most easily understood using game theory ([https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Game\_theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Game_theory)). 

The bottom will come when everyone on this /r/ has gone home and no longer gives a damn about the price. If you want to buy in at the bottom, remember that you'll be the only idiot you know who would even think of buying BTC on the day you do it \- you will feel mighty lonely. You will have watched some exchanges close, some news sites shut down, the number of active folks on this /r/ drop by 4/5, the twitter\-verse go silent on BTC and the media start running BTC retrospectives.
[deleted]
Man people are just getting wonky with the low prices. Starting to see the philosophical debates. Rationalization. I'm reading some of these old threads from 2014 and I swear they sound exactly the same. The only thing that is different are the usernames
Well the SEC made an announcement on CNBC today. I'm trying to remember the exact wording but it was basically the whole thing they are after is to make sure the assets are there. I'm sure they are concerned about tether and I'm sure they want to make sure the exchanges actually have all of the coins that are being traded. Basically they want an audit. It seems likely at least one exchange has something up. I wonder who's cooking the Books or if they will try to cover it up before they get audited
[deleted]
in hindsight this will be known as a great big shakeout.  The further down prices go the more explosive a move up will become.  I wouldn't be surprised if we see a 100% daily move this year.  So many ppl would miss out.  The lower the price goes the less money it takes to make it spike
SHORT IT

LOUDER 
TIME TO BUY: https://i.imgur.com/exQNGkh.png
____
**https://www.reddit.com/comments/8q5p68**
Bought in at $16k, HODL on folks. My mindset when I was getting in I'd written it all off, substantial (to me) as it was. We'll see what the future holds. 
It was nice knowing ya Bitcoin. You had [one job.](https://imgflip.com/i/2c095e) 
Volume is shit again :)
Binance to Launch Euro Trading Pairs This Year http://bitcoinist.com/72850-2/

Of course, fear and greed never change.  
Only the numbers change...
Is "blood Sunday" over?  What do you guys think? 
bulls are back boiz
SHE NEVER FAILS
its over, bitcoin dead. hello 5 years bear market
bullshit hack panic seller. 
Until the volume is back, short every rally. 
Have some money ready to buy. Just need Bitcoin at 6k. 
Any discussion besides price? I'm bearish midterm but bullish longterm. Lets kill btrash and shut the smud Roger's face up for good.

How is UI development for Lightning Network going?  Are there any apps in the work to make using Lightning on Mobile easy?
I decided to buy crypto finally after missing out on every increase since bitcoin was less than a dollar.  
  
I was heading out to a BC ATM to buy 300 worth yesterday before realizing it was coinbase and that I had to wait for approval.  
  
I got home and saw how much everything was crashing and actually felt optimistic. I'm excited to buy low right now.  
  
Rest assured guys, BC will be worth 100k tomorrow. It will happen RIGHT before I get to the ATM. 
Reality is that anyone who bought early 2017 and earlier made some quick money.  Anyone who invests now will never see their money 5x or 10x in a matter of months.  We will be lucky to see BTC $10K by the end of the year.

On the other hand, my investments of fiat money in the stock market is positive for the year.   A few percentage, but still positive.
That's a convincing break downwards on the higest volume seen in quite a while. Definitely time to short the bounce.
Ok I'll buy again at 4k.
This shit has no bid.
smeggletoot  3 hours ago
 
We have to accept that when we have abandoned shipping containers strewn around the world with millions of unsold over produced useless things like beanie babies, whilst warehouses full of perfectly edible food and medical supplies rot away... and the people who desperately need that aid and grew and cultivated the very food rotting away - sit next to those warehouses with distended stomachs, subjugated and starving - because somebody gambled on the future price of those goods and it was deemed 'unprofitable' to put them to use... all whilst greed has reached such levels in the West obesity is now one of the biggest killers - then it is clear something is very, very wrong with the world and those people we are allowing to govern over a system that continues to allow those crimes against humanity to happen, need to hand things over to a new generation of scientists and nurturers capable of reversing the damage they have caused.

People in that racket will of course feel sleighted by this, they will say "but I'm just doing my job" as they press those Bloomberg terminal buttons... in the exact same way those SS soldiers (who would also fail the Milgram experiment) would be just "doing their job" as they pressed the gas release buttons in those shower blocks.

By the time the obvious truth is realised by the many that the entire economy is built on a cult of casino gamblers following the 'orders' of addicts peddling bad mathematics and pseudo science, whilst suffering mass psychosis and delusions of grandeur... An entirely new collaborative digital economy will have been built in plain sight on the internet by people who understand the future of the species cannot be safeguarded by those people playing zero sum games, whose actions are contributing to human misery and inequity of wealth, the likes of which we've never seen before.

Now, more than ever, we need remarkable people to take responsibility and use this technology we're all so in love with to fix the rot at the heart of all this. That requires complete systemic change and a new way of looking at things.

It's worth remembering that was the very reason bitcoin was created. It is not a speculative vehicle to continue the same business as usual. Those treating it as such, will need to take a long hard look in the mirror when all this begins to make sense and ask which side of history they want to tell future generations they stood on.

"In his 2013 answer to the annual Edge magazine question, Eric Weinstein made a distinction between two very different kinds of people: the “excellent” and the “remarkable”. The former, he says, have optimized for playing and winning the current dominant game. They have gone to the best schools. They have worked at the best institutions. They have excelled. Echoing evolutionary theory, he calls them “hill climbers” – and if you need to climb a hill, they are the right people to call.

But if the challenge is not to climb some well understood hill, but to cross the “adaptive valley” of the unknown, the excellent are woefully unprepared. If you need to wander through uncertainty in search of an as yet poorly understood but potentially vastly superior game, you need to call on an entirely different kind of person: the remarkable.”

https://neurohacker.com/ethos
I've been saying it for months. bitcoin hasn't even hit the bottom yet. i wouldn't be surprised if the bottom was 4k.

sure, we have the lightning network but it means nothing if nobody is using it. Similar concept with google+, it may have been better than facebook but nobody was using it so nobody was willing to make the effort to transition
Exchanges should be regulated in the respect that their systems and practices should be independently audited
Can the Bulls turn the market over the next week or 2?  McAfee reckons that we will be at $15k by the end of July.  

https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/1005939202301849600
I believe the next bull run will be when the tech is developed enough. Scalability is the first obstacle to overcome. I believe sustainability (both environmental and governance) will need be next. POW, even though it is incredibly secure, needs to die. 
[removed]
I'll weigh in here.

First of all, most people here are clearly only concerned about price action and not the technology. My personal stance is both. I love the tech and believe it is the future. But, I'd also like to make decent money with my investments in Bitcoin and all other quality cryptos. Who wouldn't? 

Regardless of what the naysayers are feeding you, Bitcoin will rebound big and reach all time highs by the end of 2018. And yes, this view is just as valid as those saying it will go to 4k, or be in a bear market for 2 years. However, if you actually read the analytics, Bitcoin is technically not in a bear market yet. And, with the degree of manipulation in this market, I wouldn't be surprised if this recent plunge is to shake weakies for the next boost. We still are not even close to February lows, so I'm not sure why people lose their shit over a little dip. Higher lows keep posting month after month. And, very soon more and more institutional money will flood the market. If people continue to monitor the small day trends looking to make money and complain and scare off new investors when that doesn't happen, they will continue to be disappointed.  But, if they step back to look at the big picture, remain patient, and HODL, bitcoin is easily the best investment out there currently. After all the pissing and moaning, bitcoin is still up 135% on the year. Even if it is half that percentage next year, where else can you get that kind of return on your money?
Lets go to 10k again.
Meanwhile, bitcoin is stronger than ever before. 
Buy in at 6500
She anyways finds ways to surprise...   ready for a good one 
I am taking advantage of these cheap coins by stocking up on quilting supplies through crypto-only quilting stores. I think this is a major industry that is going to fuel BTCs return to ATH.
U always says that my plan are get at least 0.5btc before next halving.

And Bitcoin at 6.8k make me so happy. 

Chances people. Last year was horrible.
Margin funds are being lent like crazy!
Price is softening again
After reading about Coinrail. I'm more convinced than ever that a hardware wallet is a good purchase option to avoid exchanges trying to basically steal user's coins. Today Coinrail, tomorrow, perhaps Coinbase?
To the moon! 
I'm thinking bottom will be when we see difficuly decreasing for the first time. I added about 15% to my long term holding stack at 6700 (bought 2 previous dips at 5950 and 6450 too) 
https://datamish.com/d/000000004/btcusd?refresh=20s&orgId=1&from=now-2d&to=now  
Let's hope the herd is wrong again like in April.
HODL!!!
Is this just part of the market cycle or are we in trouble? 
Father's Day Sale! Buy while it's on discount!
Looks like whales are buying again.
Have $2k to spend in crypto. Would you guys get in right now or wait a couple more hrs?
this market manipulation is getting to me
Good news guys. Binance plans to add Euro by end of 2018 and other fiat pairings down the track.

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-06-11/crypto-giant-binance-to-offer-euro-trading-pairs-this-year

"The venue will allow euro trading later this year from its Malta operations, Zhao said by phone on Monday. He plans to add other fiat currencies, he said, without providing details. Binance said in March it would set up a base in Malta."
It’s the state department investigating roger Ver. Congress subcommittee. I told everyone last month this was coming. Look at my prior posts. Roger and Armstrong are being investigated for Bcash. It’s nothing to do bitcoin. I said to wait till July and have money ready to buy in the cash and in October when they bring roger to USA senate subcommittee. 
Cyberintrusion?? It's a hack!! Crypto is so shit, get hacked pretend nothing happened lose all your money.
I wonder if the market is pricing in future hacks, of which there will be many in the months and years ahead. 
Eid for us Muslims is in 4 days. Many people shop few days before that. I wonder/hope this crash is because of those cashing out to buy gifts.

**Edit:** Ok.

I've been mining with Nicehash for a few months now and making decent profits in bitcoin, and I was actually gonna buy about $900 worth of bitcoin to pad my holdings a few days ago when it was sitting at $7500. Glad I didn't. Gonna monitor how it does the next week or so to see if it drops even farther. Then I'll take advantage
Wtf I heard a rumor that billions were wiped out due to hack? What the hell, that must be the worst news ever. BTC market is already down, now a giant hack hit it? Shit. How could this happen?
lawd
https://youtu.be/BmErRm-vApI
Coins such as BNB are what’s greatly hurting btc.   Don’t  you see more of this in the future?   At some point there needs to be a disconnect with alts; just won’t happen in 2018,
Daily Hopium:   


&nbsp;

If you think a small purchase of bitcoin today won't make a difference on moving the price up.  Read this little parable and think again.  Imagine if many people did the same thing.

&nbsp;

>**Once upon a time, there was an old man who used to go to the ocean to do his writing.** He had a habit of walking on the beach every morning before he began his work. Early one morning, he was walking along the shore after a big storm had passed and found the vast beach littered with starfish as far as the eye could see, stretching in both directions.   
>  
>Off in the distance, the old man noticed a small boy approaching.  As the boy walked, he paused every so often and as he grew closer, the man could see that he was occasionally bending down to pick up an object and throw it into the sea.  The boy came closer still and the man called out, “Good morning!  May I ask what it is that you are doing?”  
>  
>The young boy paused, looked up, and replied “Throwing starfish into the ocean. The tide has washed them up onto the beach and they can’t return to the sea by themselves,” the youth replied. “When the sun gets high, they will die, unless I throw them back into the water.”  
>  
>The old man replied, “But there must be tens of thousands of starfish on this beach. I’m afraid you won’t really be able to make much of a difference.”  
>  
>The boy bent down, picked up yet another starfish and threw it as far as he could into the ocean. Then he turned, smiled and said, “It made a difference to that one!”  
>  
>*adapted from* [*The Star Thrower*](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0156849097?ie=UTF8&tag=mc_starfish-20&link_code=as3&camp=211189&creative=373489&creativeASIN=0156849097)*,* *by Loren Eiseley (1907 – 1977)*

&nbsp;
Got some more awesome news from South Korea about the Coinrail fiasco...

https://thenews.asia/index.php/2018/06/12/kisa-police-raid-coinrail-hq/
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
we closed the 4 hour candle below the 0.236 Fib retracement ($6,890 was the target). Not enough volume at the moment.
I’m getting pretty tired of this circular price movement.

I blame the USA for failing to take swift leadership on regulation. There punishment will be watching other countries get ahead.
[removed]
Very true... all I can tell myself is, everyone does say "only put in what you can afford to lose" and "it's a risky, highly volatile market", and yet in reality everyone thinks we're gonna be buying lambos in 2 months so when it doesn't happen, even if it's just relatively "normal" market behavior, everyone freaks out and is disappointed.  
Exactly. Patience rewards. Don't buy the hype or despair.
can't wait to see them become worthless 
Exactly.  Any "expert" making a prediction is full of shit.
So, so true. Think of all the people who were saying that May/June would be when everything turned around lmao. 
You should Tether ur savings.(If you dont take too much loss) Its way more stable than BTC :P
Isn’t bitcoin devaluing faster then the euro , pound or the dollar.


I have faith it will be 30k by late July ( 28-29) 2021 - so you will be okay  if you can hold 



2020 \^
$100
Most sane comment of the day.
You will next month when we go up all the way to 7200
Probably manipulated by big whales.

Interestingly, the fraction of posts in /r/bitcoinmarkets from the top of the market in 2013 to the bottom of the bear market in 2015 was about 1/5th.

The fraction between the hype of Dec 2017 and now is about 1/10th, so purely from that perspective, we've had a much more dramatic washing out of speculative interest, so we've already qualified for your last paragraph.
no, 5800 will be
And do you know what's really funny ... they don't even own 1 full bitcoin ;)

[deleted]
If crypto can be so easily manipulated as you suggest, then where is the value in it?
imo the real fear is what's under the blankets when the USA goes looking. people don't know....or maybe they do and that's why they are selling? at any rate the tiny exchange i agree is FUD. the SEC on the other hand. legitimate fear...however. long term, it's bullish as people will feel FAR more comfy investing larger sums if they know it's a fair market
actually as much as I hate this, you have a point. Fomo could be bigger than December when it hits.  
What is your lower trend line based on? . . . we Blew past the lower support line of the descending wedge Hard on Sunday.
I personally do not see a shortterm Bullish sentiment, mid to Long term is the real question. I'm reducing my stake and going to see how it pans out.
What is the Elliot triangle? Explain? Lol
It will be time to sell at 3k
Good time to average it out
What is good volume?
better greedy than needy! if there is a chance go, provided you have enough gas!!!
The market wants to rise.  I just think its on hold 
For a volatile market, hard to tell! But its so tempting! 

watch out! up up  and  away!
Spikes are weak coz again lacking volume. It's nice to spike a bit but I think we are stuck for a while.
Obviously no one told you about the halving every 4 years. lol
Thats a little harsh... 1-2 years is my guess. I'll start buying again when we hit prices between $2000-$3000.
Which stops retail investors coming back. Nice one.
I was going to ask this, but thought this could be its own thread. I think some front end development in terms of UI would really speed up the usage of LN.
People are really dumb if they think that THIS is the perfect time to buy in. It's not. Just because something dips doesn't mean that it will automatically rebound. If you had bought and sold stocks before (or spend at least 5 minutes knowing about stocks in general), you would know that. There's so many stocks even today that haven't hit its ATH since the 80s and 90s. What makes BTC so assuring that it will go up again? It's a decentralized cryptocurrency where only <1% of the population knows how it works and isn't being widely used by the world even in the most strictest sense. Doesn't sound so assuring, does it?
10x is 1,000% returns.  And that means only one thing in the real world - it is a bubble.  

Eventually price must follow value.  And if anyone can explain BTC's value increasing 10x last year, I would love to hear it.
with ya on the short train, have been for awhile now........if trend is bearish traders short the market.......not rocket science but it seems many are in denial ;)
Alright, go ahead and do that
Neither did 5K and now look at it.
I don't know men, but i think there will be a dip later, that's a good time to invest....

Tldr? Can't expect people to read more than 2 sentences in 2018.
THIS. REMARKABLE. 
now let me sell you over priced vitamins under the name nootropics
Yea btc is just like Google+... Bigbrain
I can’t fathom why anyone would disagree with this 


If a bank is robbed you would want a investigation 

Why not a exchange - why are these people’s word for it good enough  

Coin rail 




Over site prevents fraud and abuse 
[**@officialmcafee**](https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/)

> [2018-06-10 22:26 +00:00](https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/1005939202301849600)

> Do not panic about the drop in Bitcoin's price. It is an overreaction to the news that Bitstamp, Coinbase, itBit and Kraken are being investigated for price manipulation. This will delay the bull market by no more than 30 days. Don't buy into the fear. Buy the coins.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact&#32;creator]](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source&#32;code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)[**^[Donate&#32;to&#32;keep&#32;this&#32;bot&#32;going]**](https://www.paypal.com/pools/c/80YvGrbq35)[^[Read&#32;more&#32;about&#32;donation]](http://np.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/7pwo2m/heres_an_interesting_one_league_source_says/dsmirtu/)

I know most post about McAfee are memes, but please stop posting his crap. It only attracts morons looking for 100x return.
I don't see it. Bitcoin is old news, and the FOMO's are gone. 

We have reached the point where, like Apple Pay, Google Pay, and PayPal, and CashApp, you hit a maximum saturation and people get bored and go back to banks and cash. 

People didn't get into Bitcoin to actually USE bitcoin, they got into bitcoin because they wanted to be overnight millionaires. It's a lot like the Poker boom 12 years ago. Suddenly everyone rushed into playing poker to make millions like the guys on tv with the lambo's. The reality is it doesn't work like that for the remaining 99% of us. The same is true with Bitcoin. 

At this point in time, people with much much bigger bankrolls than you or I, control the price of Bitcoin every second of every day. Their large massive buys and sells can make them money, not us, and they really don't care about long term. 

At the end of the day, it's a game of chess, and when you are one of the pawns, you still have zero power and such a small piece of the pie that overnight millionaires for the 99% of us is unreachable.
So this month then
> Bitcoin will rebound big and reach all time highs by the end of 2018. And yes, this view is just as valid as those saying it will go to 4k, or be in a bear market for 2 years.

Both views are invalid because they are just random guesses, but dropping to $4k is obviously far more plausible. That's just a 42 % price move, which is obviously far more likely than the 200% price move you need to get to an ATH.

>However, if you actually read the analytics, Bitcoin is technically not in a bear market yet.

A bear market is a 20% price drop from the high. Bitcoin is 65% down, so it's deep in to the bear market. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Market_trend#Bear_market

> We still are not even close to February lows

We're only a few hundred dollars above the February lows, but $13k below the December highs

>Higher lows keep posting month after month. 

The current price on June 11 is far lower than the May low and the lowest point in 2 months. March was the only month where the low was higher than the previous month. 

> And, very soon more and more institutional money will flood the market.

That's an absurd belief.

> After all the pissing and moaning, bitcoin is still up 135% on the year. Even if it is half that percentage next year, where else can you get that kind of return on your money?

There is no reason to think it will go up next year. It's down over 60% in less than 6 months. It may recover some of the losses over the next few years, but it's more likely that it will keep moving down or move sideways. 

Bitcoin fans love to compare bitcoin to gold. However, gold has also gone through many long bear markets and it's long term return is terrible. Gold prices peaked at $1895 per ounce in 2011, and there is no evidence that will get anywhere close to that high again any time soon.





Which analytics are you using?
> Bitcoin will rebound big and reach all time highs by the end of 2018

Delusional
A 20% or more drop in price over 2 months is called a bear market.

It's not subjected to your interpretation.
I agree 100%

I believe bitcoin will be 30k by July 28 2021

I have a person that I have used for advice and they have been right most of the time 

He’s a shaman - don’t judge , but this person saved my ass a few times with bitcoin 


Good luck 
Mah keyboard.
I fully expect bitcoin to replace the dollar and the euro one day 

Judging by recent trend, might not even get a chance.

It probably will go sideways for 2-3 weeks and suddenly drop $1k.
What do you mean "before next halving"? Are you referring to the block rewards that miners get for new blocks?
sometimes gambling pays!
You have to move your coins to an exchange to trade / cash out anyway, but a hardware wallet is always a good idea.
Well, better late than never.
It's normal. There are 3 types of users for BTC right now: (1) Money\-senders, (2) Savers and (3) Speculators. Money senders don't care about the long\-term trend or price of a coin, but they need the price to be stable long enough to send some value to someone else. Savers don't care about short\-term (hours) fluctuations, but they definitely don't want the value to go down over the long term (years). Traders care about daily price changes and are the folks driving the trading volume right now, sending it up wildly one day and dumping the next to take profits. 

We are in a consolidation phase right now where the largest traders are pumping and then dumping, rinse\-and\-repeat, trying to suck the last drops of cash out of the small\-time traders. The market fundamentals are driven by the Money\-senders and Savers, but those folks are scared away by volatility, so I would expect things to continue to flatten (no big, sustained pumps) for a few more months. Once the regulatory stuff starts to shape up (clarity and uniformity) and the payments infrastructure starts to get more widely rolled out then those users will start to come back and add to the market cap again. that will bring the price back up over the next few years (hopefully in a nice smooth way, a few percent a month, with daily volatility less than 3&#37;).
I can answer for my self. 

Last year buy every day until have no more money. 

This year just second time buying and small amounts. 

Looks like buyers don't have money and normies aren't interested so the price will drop until it finds buyers. 
I'd say market cycle, it's still considerably above its logarithmic trendline. If Bitcoin doesn't work, some other form of blockchain-based technology will replace it and since Bitcoin is the medium of exchange on many major crypto-exchanges Bitcoin couldn't go into serious crisis mode in the next few years without taking the whole market down with it. I'd say Bitcoin would only be in real trouble if a viable competitor began to outperform it.
and BTC will benefit then,!!!

Put in $250 a week until it’s all in.
Should have went in 20 minutes ago lol
Buy half, and wait. 

But this year looks like a bull year. So do t panic and wait, Bitcoin will fall again to 7k. 
Buy at different points in the day or week if you want to play it safer.  Or just roll the dice and hit Buy if 2k isn't that much money to you and you don't mind a little extra variance.
Spend it all on Bitcoin
that simply means crypto is not dieing!LOL
If you're stupid enough to hold your crypto on a centralized exchange then you kinda have yourself to blame.
Cashing out to pay taxes is one thing, but for shopping? That's as implausible as cashing out for fathers' day presents.
It's not. Lol.

<3
 You might consider cost averaging. It's quite possible it will be back to 7500 in a week or two. It's also possible it could be at 6000. If you just spend one or $200 a week and keep doing it you will have a great position before you know it
With a $900 investment you would have only lost about $70. 
Cloud mining is a scam.
no, it was millions. But the crash of the market wiped billions.
OMG! Everybody freak OUT!!!!!!!!!!
Stop fudding. All that was hacked was a small Korean exchange. This story is being blown out of proportion.
You got the facts wrong.
40m was lost by a hack on a South-Korean exchange; Coinrail.
Which makes the total of hacked amount 2.3b

New material required.  
Haha oh your decentralized bank-killer isn’t regulated enough?? What a fucking hypocrite 
Why?
Why would you want your fellow Reddit users to lose all of their money?..
Funny how there are tons of undisputed 'experts' when things are going right.
Bullshit. Any expert that says they know where price is going is full of shit.  

Someone making an informed projection is at least trying to understand the market and reason why it will go in that direction, even if they're wrong it can still provide valuable information to those willing to critically analyse their work. 
welp, might not be so late to do that, i already lost 10 usd to bitcoin's price drop, i know 10 usd may just be change for you. thanks for the info tho
it is but currently bitcoin is the easiest way for me to pull out any value from harm's way. im from venezuela. forgot to say that.
7200 what?
They can't manipulate the volume down.
Good observation. Looking at these sorts of metrics is really enlightening. It’s hard to put a specific value target for the “bottom” of each (Google rank, price decline, tweets/day, etc,) so I generally make two assumptions: diminishing rate of decline signals approach toward bottom and (2) the macro environments for each indicator aren’t changing for external reasons (i.e. 1/2 the Twitter references because the number of Twitter users has fallen by 1/2 across the board).
5800 would be almost 50% less than the logarithmic trend going back to 2010 (according to my math, at a daily compounding rate of .3917%, today's expected price would be $11,020), and in its history BTC has only dropped below that 3 times. We're currently about 40% below the trend now, so I would say that already qualifies as a dip.
We can't all be high rollers.Half a BTC isn't peanuts. It's about a quarter of the average wage in England.
How's IOTA doing these days?
wow that'd be crazy
Too much critical thinking will get you questioning church doctrine  
The more people own it, the harder it is to manipulate. Look at the 24 hour percentages every price drop. You'll see Bitcoin drops the least, my guess is that is because it's already more spread over lots of different people and it's more expensive to get a large enough amount of to manipulate the price more. It's takes time, but I fully trust it will become stable one day. 
I'm tired of people who have no idea where the value is. The value is in the decentralized, trustworthy ledger. The value is in the infrastructure which is provided by the miners and the nodes. Of course there is value in that. You parrots have heard a prominent Wall Street investor, who has absolutely no idea what a cryptocurrency is, say that Bitcoin has no intrinsic value and now you're parroting the same shit without even thinking. 
It definitely will be, a lot more people are aware/watching the price compared to then. We get a decent 50%+ bull run and it'll start a snowball effect.
yes i agree.  I couldn't help myself and bought a little more last night.  will buy again if it hits into the 5's.  There's zero reason to sell here, only buy more if you can 
Worth a wait, the trends seems it ca go way beyond 3K

Great strategy if price goes up.  

Else throwing in good money after bad.

Incidentally, a lot of people did that during the dot com burst.  Kept throwing in money to 'average out' and went bankrupt.
30k+ a day on gdax
That's what I'm sensing too.  Seems like the major coins are recovering again so that's encouraging 
halving the bitcoin price every 4 years ! soon 1 btc = 0.5 btc
>every 4 years

So twice this has happened?
I’ll buy in again when prices hit $16 which is when I bought them in 2011. I want my 640 bitcoin back.
I'm here for the money. Sorry, not sorry.
Some people are here for faith in a different system 


Most are here to make a buck - if it helps the system great , if it hurts the health of the system - they could care less 
Coincidentally, I bought $100 worth of BTC when it was around $2000, because I had to pay for an online service.  The service was $25, so I just bought $100 just for shits-and-giggles.  That small purchase did see a 10x increase in less than 6 months.  

I have no interest in buying more BTC as an investment, nor do I think is a good investment.  They way i see it... If you follow the "don't invest more than you can afford to lose", that amount won't make much of an impact to your wealth.  The people that are "all in", could make a mint if BTC could drastically rise, but I think the risks greatly outweigh the rewards.

It's not a coincidence that in October 2017 when BTC took a big shit from their all-time high (~$20K) and big financial institutions started trading bitcoin ETFs at the same time.   These institutions make million-dollar single transactions which can affect the market much more than the Average Joe who buys $100 worth of BTC here-and-there.  

>Eventually price must follow value.

Obviously, BTC is worth what people are willing to pay for it, but BTC really has no intrinsic value.  It's not backed by any type of earnings or assets.
10x more people owning bitcoins and be ready to accept it as a payment? I call it predictable
If the average poster here just shorted the bear markets, they wouldn't need to be so emotionally invested in seeing the price of Bitcoin rise. By the time this downtrend reaches the bottom, anyone could have doubled the amount of Bitcoin they own.
I've been shorting for a month. Enjoy hodling.
lel, already at 6k, still haven't hit the bottom
Still, it doesn't matter how fucking amazing your technology is if it relies on a lot of users to work and nobody uses it.

Miners don't count by the way. I know there has been a steady growth in them but they just supply the infrastructure not the userbase 
bit the drop happened long before that announcement of the investigation. so that's not the cause.
I must be a moron
Ok :)
You realize this same argument was made in 2014
Exactly the block chain has value and it will use a currency that will be well regulated by the government, when they get rid of the get rich speculative end of it.
We're not ready for a true consumer scale adoption. Not even close.  
It's hard to think rationally right now when you bought Bitcoin at 9000 lol. I've even seen some fools buying Bitcoin on a margin for that price. I want to see their motivational/philosophical pieces.
Yep
Yep ,well put together. One thing I am hearing over and over is the amount of OTC trades that are happening and thus not being taken into consideration for volume on ex's \- these private trades..
Let me summarise it in an easier way.  There are:

1.  The Scammers (masquerading as Exchanges and BTC "Gurus").

2.  Their Lackeys (also called "Traders", "Speculators", etc).  Knows the game and takes the crumbs.

3.  The Suckers (currently called Hodlers but will soon be remembered as the Bag Holders).

Just my honest 2 cents.

Can I ask which trendline you're using?

As it stands, we're about 40% below the trendline going back to 2010 (at .3917% compounded daily, we should be at $11,020 today). That said, I do agree with your larger point; in terms of dips this is pretty consistent with previous years, and there isn't really anything to suggest Bitcoin will lose dominance anytime soon.
Yep that's pretty much what I think, if Bitcoin goes down then I think the whole market will be in big trouble. 
You are out of touch.

BTC was the medium in the past.  Now it's replaced by:

a.  Tether (which replaced BTC as the intermediary for fiat to other alts).

b.  Most exchanges now allow for direct purchase of alts using fiat.


Agree! that will give you air in between, to invest or not

That is the plan
easy men! be careful!!!, the market is just recovering.......I mean, go with caution! 
June solstice is right around the corner. Once that hits it's straight to the moon.  Lambos for everyone. 
Don't feed the cockroaches
Exchanges seem to be hacked alot.  That is a problem.
Fucking hackers are making a killing 
I’m sorry but some of us are bound by laws and don’t want to end up in prison. 

So yes while we believe in the long term effects of  bitcoin bringing first the banks and then governments to heel; we have to accept that in a large number of first world economies mass adoption will not occur unless there is regulation legitimization or certain anarchy inducing events occur.

Please use your brain before you go banding around the hypocrite label next time.
Sent him a couple of BTC. Will make his day.
you must be new here 
Yes it is funny.   The thing is that no one can predict the future.  You will get 500 predictions and a few of those people are bound to be correct solely due to statistics.  And they are labeled “experts”.


Ahhh ,  that makes sense , good  luck mate 


Yeah this is going to sound crazy but it’s not I have a shaman that I have been with since I was young 


This person has kept me profitable with bitcoin


Sounds crazy I know  
Dollars.  It was a joke.
Edit an eighth sorry 
It's in its early days; like bitcoin once was. Hopefully it will spike up and I can make a profit; accumulate all coins that may have potential, of-course many fail but that's part of the game. Like always ;)
not to mention, the worry free transactions from one agency to another.   This could lead to a gateway throughout the world.  Illuminating even bank transactions...I think, that is the value of crypto 
you guys are hilarious
Too bad the companies are the ones that burst not the internet itself. 
this whole thing is going to near zero or it's going much higher. that much is as close to certain as we can expect. the threads from 2014 sound exactly like the ones today which actually gives a LOT of weight to the btc 4\-5k crew. the fundamentals don't matter when you have emotional overload drawing parallels to tulips and dot coms. bitcoin had a larger percentage run in 2013 than it did in 2017 and it recovered and expanded. now exchanges are investing record amounts, institutions are waiting on the SEC and people are in a holding pattern. weak hands are freaking out and selling, then they FUD which makes more people sell and so on. this will continue until it doesn't.
Maybe its just whalers buying piece by piece, to FOMO you all into getting on board! We seen it before...
That's not how it works. 
Cool, good for you.
I can afford to lose 10 000$ , are you implying that a 100 000$ cashout wouldn't impact my wealth?
People are vastly overestimating the number of people who use bitcoin as a currency vs people who bought it hoping it will rise in value 
Alright, so since it dropped more than 50% since ATH, by your retarded logic, there are now 50% less people owning BTC and ready to accept it as payment?

You are a moron.
I used to use it as a currency until you dumb normies took it over in order to scam people, now it is unusable. Thanks normies.
My BRO!  I shorted all the way down from 9k+ :P

Closed my positions and taking a break now.
Sold my stack at 9k, enjoy being smug.
My comment kept you busy for almost 2 weeks? Lmfao nobrainer
How is noone using btc? What uses do you think it has? Maybe btc doesn't seem much for people using the EUR/USD but what about country's with inflated currencies like Venezuela ? Theres alot more to btc than your local candyshop accepting btc.
I can't speak for OP but Yes.
Sure but I think 1 bitcoin is worth a lot more than $10,000.00. The tech already works for what it needs to do and people will pay $10k per BTC soon enough.
Why are you waiting for that? Daily miner output is only equal to 2\-3&#37; of trading volume, so if it gets cut in half it will only be a 1\-1.5&#37; difference in supply, which would have a small effect on the price/value (if any at all, given daily volatility is much, much larger than that).
You believe BTC has past it's ATH for good?
I can't find a link, but it looks something like [this](https://www.tradingview.com/x/vr8wHAAQ).

I think a certain period at the start of Bitcoin has to be disregarded because logarithmic functions become singular as they approach the origin. This introduces a large error in the slope of the logarithmic trendline. I think any logarithmic trendline from mid-2011 onwards is reliable.
That's why I didn't say all. Leveraged trading exchanges like Bitmex and Poloniex don't take fiat deposits (and Bitmex only accepts Bitcoin deposits). You are right that tether is used as an intermediary to provide liquidity and avoid orders being placed in fiat, but it gives far more liquidity to Bitcoin than any other crypto.

Bottom line is until a viable crypto that is not a stable-coin decouples its price from Bitcoin, Bitcoin will be the de-facto standard.
Lol, fair
Oh.  What happened to those claims that BTC is uber secure?

Ah, Security 101 - Weakest Link :)
Never witnessed so many scammers as in this unregulated crypto-world. You learn something from it as well.
Apparently so, enlighten me Moses
glad to ear youve doing good.
True.  And blockchain will remain long after BTC has become history.
i know was a joke :D
Still not enough to buy a lambo.  

But seriously, if you have $10K of play money, you likely have a lot more and $100k is just a small portion of your wealth. 

If you only have $15K, profiting $100K is a lot. But with only $15K net worth, saying $10k is something you can afford to lose is plain foolish. 
If you want to be as specific as possible... The price/amount of money people want to exchange for bitcoin decreased by 50% since December.
Better buckle up, because it's going to be a bumpy ride down from here. It's a shorter's market for the foreseeable future.
Well you seem to be pretty sensitive about me mentioning shorting, as this is not the first time you've lashed out at me like this. You sound like a hodler who doesn't want to cash out on a loss but pretends to have sold higher to save face. Otherwise why so hostile to shorts?
Nah, i just go through my post history when i see bitcoin drop to new lows and let everybody know that i was right
Venezuelans also rely on runescape as a primary source of income.

It doesn't HAVE to be bitcoin. it could be the USD for example or just any currency that can hold it's value. I agree that it must be a thousand times easier to transfer bitcoin than USD in a undeveloped country but it doesn't add much value to your currency because they don't have the purchasing power to increase the price of the currency.
I figured a lot of you guys would see this. I've been in markets quite awhile. Not crypto but markets in general. This psychological cycle so far is playing out like clockwork. You never really know how bad it's going to get but so far there have not been any red flags whatsoever. The time to worry is when you see a major coins getting 51% attacked which could only happen if the price really tanks and we lose a ton of hash power and most importantly you see people like the Winklevoss Twins and bitmain backing out. Now if that happens we have trouble. Right now the cycle is on schedule to do what it's going to do. 

This Market is more profitable for everyone when it goes up. However that does not mean you make the most profit by always having it go up. As we found out in December everyone and their dog gets into crypto when the price goes on a run and at that point you really can't buy anymore. It's ridiculously expensive for the time. If you're going to learn from the past 9 years there's one way to make this work. You buy when everyone is panicking and you sit back and go do something else and wait. Run your miners and accumulate because when this goes on the run again you're not going to be able to buy mining equipment and the cost to buy the coins is going to be very high which should be the market you sell into. Or you can be like a lot of people and sell the bottom and buy the top
there’s less of a deflationary asset entering the market everyday. half as much. bitcoin’s worth is partly based on the cost of mining it, the energy. each block still takes as much energy and costs as much but you get half as much reward. price has always increased as such. it’s a fair place in time to aim to be in position by. 
Yes
Interesting, thanks for that. Yeah, that makes sense, perhaps some sort of weighted average equation would be best (accounting more for results of recent years).
You do realize the exchange was hacked and not bitcoin right? Like when a bank is robbed it doesn’t mean the dollar was robbed. 
I hope people do 


Over site has a important purpose with financial transactions 
I don't believe in crypto, and I laugh at those who do 
It’s my shaman , I’m just lucky 
Ahh, got it! Tx.
It's not about net worth, it's about annual income. I don't have much money saved in the bank but I have an above average annual income. I can afford to lose 10k, that won't impact me much but still, i consider 100k to be a significant chunk of money. I think you're severely underestimating what 10x return means.
Wasn’t being hostile. Just telling you to put your money where your mouth is.
I said nothing about the price? Are you slow or what
Or just avoid emerging market spaces because it's impossible to predict winners. I'm sure being in the markets for a long time you remember 95% of .com companies going to zero in the '90s or no airline companies posting a profit from the '50s-'70s.
Right. I get the basic idea. Like I mentioned, though, the miners are only adding about 1.8k BTC per day via block rewards. Daily trading volume is \~60\-80k BTC, so that 1.8k represents a small percentage change in supply (2\-3&#37;) \- certainly not enough to move the price very dramatically. I wouldn't expect a 1.5&#37; change in supply to suddenly move the price much (or maybe not at all, at this point).
I remember hearing this in 2014. Time will tell.
What matters is that the coins were stolen.  And based on the number of times this has happened means that it can and will happen again.

Like I said, weakest link.

And no, please don't compare it with a bank.  When a bank gets robbed, customers don't lose anything.  The same does not apply to exchanges.  When it gets hacked, customers lose their coins.
Why do you care what I do with my money? These threads are full of people saying buy the dip and I don't see you going after them. Are you going to be consistent about this?
lol, youre just mad at 6k, possibly lower
Yeah I actually had thoughts about all of that. The thing about this Market is you can't really value it. At least not yet. The most similar is probably the.com era because that was a lot of euphoria but again this one is different. I really hate using that line because it's usually what people say right before a crash. We already had a 1999 happen in 2013. Now we had another one. Also keep in mind the FED is what killed the Kool-Aid in the.com era. Once they raised interest rates and lending dried up that was it. 

We have an established 9-year uptrend with Bitcoin. We still have a lot of big money investors. We still have no signs of them selling. The.com crash also gave way to better tech companies. The only reason AOL is not Google is because of bad management. AOL could have been Google. Easy. Bitcoin is probably going to face that test and if it fails Roger ver is going to be right there to pick up the pieces. It is however exactly like you say. A reasonably unpredictable emerging-market. I certainly would not invest enough money in this that it would keep me up at night. I knew when I got into Bitcoin the best strategy would be to get in after the sell-off happened and then turn off the screen and wait. Possibly cost average in along the way and run a miner. To me that's the best risk-reward but everyone has to make that decision themselves
That’s not true and you are spreading FUD. Exchanges have gone a long way since Mt. Gox. The Japanese exchange that was recently hacked have begun paying back customers. I understand not everyone will be paid back and not fully but it’s not like what it use to be. Exchanges have a long way to go and it may be years or decades but they continue to improve. Coinbase is working with regulators as we speak in regards to being fully insured. As of now, the cash you have with Coinbase is insured. 
Perhaps you didn’t see this comment I made earlier this morning:  http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8q822r/daily_discussion_june_11_2018/e0hbcro
> The thing about this Market is you can't really value it.

Correct.

>The most similar is probably the.com era

Correct. because neither has anything but an idea when you buy it. There is no underlying tangible asset. If it goes to zero, it goes to zero. When a company goes to zero (if its worth investing in) it has buildings, equipment, patents etc to sell.
Does not change the fact that they have been hacked regularly.

This is a FACT.  Stop trying to muddy the water with irrelevant points. 
So you think I'm a progagandist trying to get people to sell? You may be consistent, but if you think r/bitcoin is a propaganda hub, I think you're way overestimating the street smarts of the average Redditor.
That's exactly it. This project is either going to go a lot higher or it's going to go to zero. I'm reasonably certain of this. I don't think it's going to zero but I can argue a case for it
The propaganda is everywhere.
Fair enough. I dont believe in bitcoin personally. I am very intrigued by it and believe it has planted a seed that cant be taken back. Internet will change our money one day. But I see it like that fancy steam powered car shown off in the 1790s. Correct idea that will change the world one day, no doubt, but not a safe investment.
OK, well good luck on your crusade to call out random Redditors for propagandising the market.
You're absolutely right about not being a safe investment but that's also why it can have such outstanding returns. On the one hand I just bought a value play. Dsx is the ticker. It's a Greek shipping company that is selling under Book value. Here's the kicker the Baltic dry index that directly influences their day rate has been trending up. Earnings have been increasing. The company went from bleeding money to only losing $0.01 a share on the last earnings report. Add in any kind of favorable situation with North Korea and I have a potential for a 50% stock here by the end of the year. That I can rationally argue. Bitcoin on the other hand. It's all in the eye of the beholder which is why it has these radical swings. The thing I'm looking at is it has 9 years of History. If this project was only a year old I would be terrified of it but people have spoken. Historically we still have not sold off as bad as the last parabolic run. If anything more people are in the space now and more people are interested. Imo you cant invest more than you can forget about
Good luck to you getting fellow redditors to short with you.
I don't care what other people on Reddit do. If I wanted people to short with me I would've gone onto Discord.
Right on
