Daily Discussion, June 03, 2018 -- TITLE
Gotta say...I'm quite glad that the price has been *steadily* increasing over the past few days. Feels like we did hit a bottom at 7K.
🚯NO DUMPING
Higher. 
pamp eet.
Trade index today on fxs is bullish. Makes a nice change.
One to two hours until next pump <3.
$1 = 13,000 satoshi

€1 = 15,050 satoshi
For those wondering if you should invest in BTC here is my advice:
Hop on the train before it's too late!
Pumpy dumpy
Am I right when I say we saw a few dump atempts today that just didn't work meaning we'll probably continue the slow climb?
GDAX down?

Mid year rally started. Hopefully Btc will touch 30k soon 
[deleted]
So I’ve just started investing in bitcoin, got 50$ worth a few days ago but I was wondering about this low period, will it last so you think or will it go back down soon? I’ve never invested in anything else so forgive my beginner ways lol, but I figure this is a really good time to buy but if it’s going to go even lower soon I’ll hold off before buying more rn
Anyone else excited for June 6th? https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/8mwi9o/market_manipulation_or_just_a_coincidence/ 
Is there a thread to ask noob setup questions? 
Where can I see a chart of historic transaction fees for a basic 1 input 2 output segwit transaction?
People understand it and do not believe this whale pumps anymore
Transactions being backed up today, and mempool has increased in size 10 fold.. wth.

I should have checked the transaction costs before I sending that transaction out.
im just scared that we are building up some good prices for weeks, only to dump $1k within one day as the last times :D 
Are exchanges allowed to trade on their own platform? Havent they a massive advantage doing so? They know how many users registering or in process, they now then fiat is transferred, they know about hidde orders in book and so on.... 
let pump it up, asia
Trying to optimize my hodling situation over here. What is the advantage of setting up cold storage as opposed to just keeping my wallet seed (electrum) secure? 
This gift card site now accepts Bitcoin https://giftcardsforcrypto.myshopify.com

I bought some amazing gift cards 
Thank you for providing this info to us. I will keep buying some BTC on my current exchange. I hope it will moon soon.
I decided. I’m going all in on BTCC next few days. I don’t care. YOLO
And that's for the weekend dump guys
Live BTC Analysis + Trading! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6ohXXu6gyU
Artificial pumpening.  Im expecting a huge bloody turd to drop in the next 12hrs.
ha this guy is live trading and answering question pretty cool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dBqQqKmtmg BTC Analysis + Trading 
I hate lightning network with all the bs spaghetti nodes.  Downvote me for all I care.  Core is more true to the original concept than you fanbois.  
Ever since the big December spike, Bitcoin has never gone under $6k, and now seems to not go under $7k; This is looking better and better, as the agreed upon "base price" is only getting higher.
If this one holds and you look really close what we have been making are higher bottoms. Feb was the lowest. Then april just a little higher. Then right now just a little higher still. By the end of the year we should have some clarity on the trend but it's starting to look diet bullish. Just one calorie bullish. Bull junior. 

It's still in a consolidation pattern but the higher lows on the long-term scale are promising
Let's just be contended with a slow but consistent increase.

It's 200-300 daily since 7.1.  Keep it that way.
Ok ok it takes a bit longer :).
1 tablespoon = 3 teaspoons
🚂🚃🚃🚃🚃🚃🚃
Choo Choo :)
Yes!  We need new ~~suckers~~ investors to pump up the price!
Nobody knows.

BTC can shoot up $500 within minutes and can drop the same amount within minutes as well.  No reason other than sentiments.
Eventually it will climb. It can take a good amount of time for that to happen as bitcoin has slow seasons. That's normal and healthy. If you want to make good money, you need to stay faithful and believe in the technology. Bitcoin has a long road ahead to reach mass awareness, and when it does achieve that, things will look very pretty for the loyal holders.
Every dip will recover as long as none causes an EMA crossover on the 6h chart.
Working fine here in Walton 
I think little too early to call it a rally.
Which god are you talking about?
The short story is no one knows. Past that you can look at history. For the past 9 years buying dips has been a winning strategy. The hardest part for most people is knowing when to sell 
It might go up/down/sideways

We would all be rich if we knew

You are best to DCA

Or do what I do and just say fuck it, go all in when you get a feeling
I am optimistic about the long term prospects of Bitcoin. It sounds like you've looked at its history - I'm not sure if there has ever been a more volatile asset than Bitcoin, so keep in mind that over the short-to-medium term, the worth of your Bitcoin may go far up or far down. I think in the long-term it will go up much higher, but it could still go to almost nothing. 

If you buy Bitcoin, make sure that you are extremely careful - move it to a private wallet (look up cold storage for anything you're not hoping to spend).

Keep track of how much you buy and what the cost is. 

Regarding timing the market, this is notoriously difficult - Bitcoin's history is littered with people who made some money day-trading, only to lose on unexpected swings. People here will often find a short-lived pattern that soon vanishes, and many people will confidently predict what will happen in the short term, despite how often they are wrong. 

If you're interested in investing in general, buying index funds that track whole markets is an excellent choice. These tend to have low expense ratios (much lower than traditional mutual funds), and over the long term have consistently done well. View Bitcoin as something with a great deal of potential and risk - try balancing this out with some other investments.
[deleted]
Ive been watching crypto since last year's spike and fall and have decided to purchase some to hold onto for awhile. I like the idea of having some available for payments in a wallet on my phone. But I want to store most of it securely.

What's the simplest way to make a cold storage wallet with 1 or 2 backups.

I am not incredibly technical. But can usually google my way through problems. But with all my research I am undecided on what would be best for me and unclear on how it actually works.

Currently I have about $1000 value of bitcoin in the cash app and I want to move it to wallets pronto.

I know no one can tell me exactly what to do. As that largely depends on how paranoid I am. 

But what would be one simple scenario to move my coin from the cash app to a secure offline wallet to hold?
They get it through? You're Dutch aren't you?
I agree, ben het met je een$ ;)
It would also be worth switching to a segwit wallet as well if you haven't already :)
https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#1,6m
Scaredy cat :)
If there's pumps, there will be dumps...
If you're using a desktop wallet like Electrum's, the private key is on your computer and can possibly be hacked if someone gets into your computer. If it's in cold storage, that means it's offline and can't be accessed by hackers.
I mean amazon
> Thank you for providing this info to us.

what info?
What’s BTCC?

Edit: If you mean Bcash than the only appropriate way to change the name is to Btrash
Perhaps, but there have been several attempts to trigger stop losses that have failed and whoever was responsible has bought back their sales.  Attempts to wreck shorts haven’t really been working either.  Holders seem to be holding for now.
Ha, still spamming yourself I see.
[deleted]
The bottom is getting higher but the top is also getting lower.

As usual, the permabulls will tell only half the story.
True. I meant a smallish pump though, to 7.800 or something. If it goes up, I'm happy, no matter how slow it goes. 
1 tablespoon = 13,000 teaspoons


[deleted]
Thes' that troll train passin' through!  

Choo choo !!!
bitcoin
There is solid resistance on the $7k mark and extremely solid resistance at the $6k mark. I have confidently bought at $7.1k and $7.5k rates very recently, if that helps.
Dca? And I don’t have a lot to invest now which I’m bummed about with it being so low lately, but I will in late July, I’m going to ask for cash on my bday and hopefully I’m not too old so I can still get some lol. Follow up question, do people say trade in bitcoin? Since it seems fairly consistent to me I assume most people are looking for something long term (at least until you can spend it everywhere like visa)
Thanks! Asked
Never EVER tell anyone how much crypto you own
> But what would be one simple scenario to move my coin from the cash app to a secure offline wallet to hold?

acquire an extra PC.  install the electrum wallet onto it, then disable internet access for that machine and never take it online again.  create a new wallet on the offline machine.  write the seed down and keep it safe.  copy the receiving address(es) to an online machine.  delete the wallet from the offline machine.  transfer your bitcoin to the receiving address(es).

later when you want to spend the bitcoin you can use the seed to reconstitute the wallet on the offline machine.  electrum lets you sign a transaction on the offline machine and then transfer the transaction to an online machine from which you transmit the payment.

welcome aboard :)
:) beter?
Already did once it was available on Nano S
Fully aware of how it used to be. Just was shocked when it blew up yesterday to what it hadn't done in a while. Took +4 hours for my first confirmation.
That was literally the worst thing to be called for the first 10 years of a young boys life in The 90’s 😂
He was pretty clear.  It’s *this* info.
The discussion that happened on that day. 
No, Bitcoin Core.  The one true bitcoin.
Weekend dump is less intense than usual. Let's go!
GG get good nub.  Enjoy your price crash and hope you never recover 
The top is not getting lower, Bitcoin got overhyped in December, the price rose artificially and was corrected to normal levels.
At this pace, it will be 8k within this week.

Just don't jinx it.
1 attoparsec (apc) = 3.1 cm
DCA = dollar cost averaging.  It's a technique where, instead of buying $100 all at once, you spread it out over time, say $20/month.  It tends to minimize the effects of any wild swings while you're accumulating.  
If you don't have a lot to invest, be mindful of fees, and once you've got a reasonable amount, transfer it off the exchange (they can get hacked/go defunct).  I would look into a hardware or paper wallet - just do your research first and stay safe.
Dollar Cost Average - buy a small amount every week 
Bijna ;-). 
Bitcoin Core the new shitcoin? Because the one true bitcoin is called Bitcoin you douche
The parsec, the most idiotic unit to use if you already have light-year.
Hmmm
Fuck you, piece of shit. It was a joke.  Look up BTCC.
They're completely different: the parsec is the distance travelled by a parsnip in one second.  Many orders smaller than a light year.
