Daily Discussion, July 07, 2018 -- TITLE
Bullllllll runnnnnnnnn
We need one more thrust before nights end.. get us to that 6900 position...
power to the people!!!
Let there be Lightning!!!

These investors in Bcash will lose everything when Lightning is doing more transactions with a 1mb block which will be decentralized, fungible and fully private. 
Such movement, so moon, much wow.
Growth so organic you can only buy at whole foods.
Alive and Kicking
Hi, guys and gals. Can someone tell me if it is, like, SUPER hard for an average PC user to set up a Lightning node? Does the node earn Bitcoin/is it profitable? Thanks.
saturday night rally
How much BTC was moved between 16:18 and 16:30 to cause that BGD?
wah it went up, nice! haha
Nice to see it up and holding today!
Anyone else get the distinct impression it's going to be a super quiet weekend?
Sausage, anyone?
Fuck this just go ahead and load the dump
is bitcoin officially dead yet
Ded
Just stfu m8 and concentrate on the technological powah of the bitcoin
When will this fucking bart pattern gone!!!
Daily Hopium:

&nbsp;

This bear market has not shaken the Winklevoss Twins' resolve.  They are still bullish af.

&nbsp;

>But Winklevoss doesn’t see the underperformance in cryptocurrencies stopping the broader cryptocurrency industry from growing and developing new products, saying every asset experiences a bull-and-bear period.  
>  
>&nbsp;  
>  
>Winklevoss is sticking by his belief in telling CNBC that bitcoin is gold 2.0 and that he sees it becoming a trillion-dollar asset over time.  
>  
>&nbsp;  
>  
>“Our belief and thesis have stayed the same … we have conviction, and we keep pointing towards the north star and our goal,” said Winklevoss.  
>  
>The early bitcoin investor says he’s not dissuaded by the day-to-day moves, and in fact is shutting out the noise and focused on investing in Gemini’s platform.

&nbsp;

[https://www.cnbc.com/2018/07/06/winklevoss-stays-bullish-on-bitcoin-hires-nyse-cio-to-gemini.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/07/06/winklevoss-stays-bullish-on-bitcoin-hires-nyse-cio-to-gemini.html)

&nbsp;
\>January 2018

  
\>Bitcoin 8k, Bitcoin is not officially legal

\>March 2018, Bitcoin 6k, Bitcoin officially legal

This is the easiest buy of my entire life. I cant even short Tesla because bitcoin is such an easy buy. 
Thoughts on Bloomberg Satoshis book?
So, where are all the smart people gone?
I wish BTC gave a sign of life, just for the seek of the unpredictable :3
on GDAX, in the 1D window, is it me or the pattern of the current trend (june 27th to now), looks very similar to pattern on may 28th to june 9. You think the pattern will continue or we moonin now? hmmmmm
All day yesterday bounced between 6600 and 6550. The tension is real. Its going to break out one way or the other eventually. Sitting this in.
So, 200+ dollars in 5 minutes... Yeah, organic growth, but u know what?  I like it. Go whales, go!
Hi. can anyone explain how shorting works and why does it bring down price
Do you think Japanese prisons are worse than American? Think they could “ask” for His keywords and passphrase “politely” and than they verify if he lied and go back to him again and ask a little less “politely” till he hives them his Bitcoin. His Bcash is useless. He’ll give that up day 1 to be someone’s female dog. 

Good times ahead all!
hory shet, 7k here we come!
good morning everyone
**Is possible price BTC $ 15,000, as of December 2018 ?**
Nope.  Ppl short.  They won’t allow runs.   It can happen for both sides dudes (and cool chicks). This game works both ways.  
Price prediction by September 1  2018??

Mine:$8000
Religions were the first block chains.  They were not supported by digital computers, but by human brain networks that communicate with speech.

bible koran, torah,  are seperate forks. Each fork has its own immutable load of information. Because its protected by high distribution of books.

Does any of this make sense?
Double check your Bitcoin addresses!  https://cryptocoin.news/news/bitcoin/bitcoin-hackers-keeping-a-close-eye-on-2-3-million-btc-addresses-17006/

There we go.. broke that 6700
[deleted]
not yet i think, but close!
That’s what she said!
more like power to the machines
It will only be interesting when people use BTC as a currency.
No doubt there will still be some bar in some back street in Tokyo accepting BCash to keep their famous customer Roger happy :)
Much Volume, many transaction, numerous awesome, wow.
If the bulls can drive it above 6850 and sustain it, we will likely see some farmers market style  growth commence. 
Lol
Define PC. If it got Windows on it, then it's going to be hard. If it got Linux or MacOS on it, then it would be rather straightforward.

A Lightning node does not earn much since routing fees are aptly described as "unfairly cheap". You can expect to earn few cents equivalent if you'd be able to make a node plenty of people route through, as a best case scenario.
It’s Saturday night, I guess that makes it alright.
Dunno but I was watching the one minute chart and huge chunk of that last 200+ surge happened in three one minute candles.
You mad bro 
This didn't age well in 7 hours
Officially bitcoin died many years ago. But practically strong and going. 
It has died 30+ times
Maybe this guy can answer ...


—-

dietrolldietroll• 1y

bitcoin is over.

—-

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/5m5j8x/comment/dc0ynei



Oh wait... guess not.  That was only one year ago as bitcoin was on its way to a new ath by December 2017. 


Where's your m8?
When we will stop giving stupid names to these trends. 
This just in: People who stand to profit by the value of bitcoin going up predict that the value of bitcoin will go up.

Low effort scam perpetuated by bad journalism.
hmm never heard of that one, what is it?
They're now SODLRS.
Its trading at over 6000. I'd say that's a sign
The solution to this is volume. A colony of ants can take down a much bigger insect and even small mammals. The greed is real and so is the manipulation but once the volume kicks in, the manipulation gets wrecked. 

Which is why ETFs will be good, not bad for Bitcoin. An ETF could place a big demand on a limited supply and improve public perception of legitimacy. The doors for market manipulation were already opened with futures but at least ETFs will start a domino effect of incoming Money to the space.
In the futures market you agree to buy Bitcoin in the future at a lower price than the current market price.  If the price goes up you lose money because you agreed to buy it at a lower price.  If the price goes lower you make money because your future Bitcoin costs less.  You never actually buy the Bitcoin...it's just a way to gamble on it very leveraged.  Most contracts end at the end of the month or quarter.  
I think people short because other people are selling. The people selling are trying to cut their losses so they sell lower than the next person. Think of it as an auction but in reverse. And the people who are shorting are just betting the price is going to continue to go lower than what they put their order in at. But it also work the other way, when someone buys btc and they want to sell for a profit they sell higher than the next person, and if someone thinks the price is going to continue to rise they go long.
The way it's most often done is you deposit an amount of Bitcoin which gives you that much margin. You then basically borrow to sell. If the price goes down you can buy back the Bitcoin you borrowed and keep the difference. If the price goes up when you have to give the Bitcoin back you will be paying more for it out of pocket

When you hear about people getting liquidated it would go something like this. If they deposit $500 worth of bitcoin and initiate a short position. Bitcoin then turns around and Rises $500. They just lost their entire sum

Futures are different but a lot of people don't use those because they require more money to open an account. The future is follow the price action of the underlying coin. 
Shorting does NOT bring the price down anymore than buying Long drives the price up.  And it's silly to think so because when a Short position is taken, someone else is buying at the same time.

The only difference is the sequence - sell/buy vs buy/sell.  The people who Short believes that the price will go down (but doesn't mean it will).  And people who buy Long believes that the price will go up (but again, doesn't mean it will).
Do you realize most people should be incriminated for tolerating happenings against humans daily, right?
I doubt Roger has sold a single real Bitcoin - he's no fool.
Sooner than that I think 
Of course it's possible.....
Ken M?
Nope.
Meds are the pump and dump lmaooo
How many tins of beans and guns have you got in your underground bunker?
Everyone should be double checking those addresses anyways but this is good reminder.
HODL
You should not be buying bitcoin with borrowed money.   It is a long term investment that could take years to yield significant fruit. Granted I think the fruit will be very tasty, but if you need the money sooner than 4-5 years then you are taking a serious risk. 


Closeeeee bulllll runnnnnnn
btc needs to be at 1million or more for that , 2021 my friend , wait and hold
BTC can be the settlement layer while Lightning is the currency. And stay decentralized at 1mb. Ver and his 32 mb block is massively centralized. The miners own Bcash. Ver never sold his bitcoin but he pumps and dumps Bcash. It’s all gonna be exposed. I’m sorry it hasn’t come out y’all. September October timeframe. It’s hard to negotiate with them. It’s coming though. I promise. 
99.99999&#37; are wash trades.
We're at Trader Joe's now
Hope they can
Ok, I see. Thank you.
Quite the opposite man.. actually wondering.
ha i always wondered why it was called a bart
When people stop objecting to perfectly good and imaginative descriptors of patterns because they accidently left a broom handle up their arse.
Yeah and if they thought the value would go to zero like some of you crash trolls here, then they’d cut their losses and run.  But alas for the trolls, the bulls march on. 
I'm 100% certain that Tom Lee will agree with this.

Just by looking at the increased level of stupidity in his "projections", you can tell that he's a desperate man who have lost a lot of money.
And probably soldiers too. First time they all having proper jobs. 
Yeah, 1/3 of what it was months ago. Slow dying is also a sign of life, true
Nope.  

ETF will AMPLIFY the effect and not necessarily in a positive way. 
 Don't forget ETFs will provide a new route to short BTC.

And it all depends on whether it's cash-based or synthetic/derivative.  If it's cash-based, the amount of BTC available for trade does not change.  If it's derivative, then it's building a bubble on top of another bubble.

In both situations, it's not good for BTC.  It's only good for the ETF fund manager and they are giving us new ropes to hang ourselves.

Worst case scenario?  Leveraged ETFs used to short BTC in an unregulated market.  In this scenario, ZERO cash flows into BTC.  Instead, manipulators will take leveraged ETF shorts and then work with the exchanges to force the price down by sharing the spoils with them.
Am I right saying that future contract guarantees a  fixed price in some set date in future?

Shorting and leveraging are two different things.

You can have an non-leveraged Short by covering the entire price.

And you can also have a leveraged Long where you get rekked when price goes down more than your maintenance margin. 
He has every single bitcoin. He sold his free Bcash to pump and dump and repeat. He is a market manipulator but he will never sell Bitcoin. He isn’t stupid. He knows the truth. 
religions overtook because they were able to deliver same emotional nonsense story everywhere. And they were able to do that by distributing same book all around.

Religions doesn't seem to go to zero or crash because people are already invested in them.

Same with bitcoin. There is a hard bottom under which true fanatics lie and that is unbreakable.
I got hacked on Bittrex a year ago, Had like 200 ant stolen so I don't anything for granted
Why?  What nonsense is this?
But I want to pay off this PayPal credit ASAP do I don’t have to pay interest 
Lmao. Yup 
lol, if you mean that seriously, then it will never happen.
I was being a bit sarcastic because at the time of my message volume was extra low on BTC-EUR
I’m buying produce from a stand at an I-5 offramp. Feels like somewhere near Bakersfield.
The best one was “limp dick” pattern. Lol
When people stop spending 18 hours a day on this sub and replying to every fucking thing others post. 
...or they're trying to create demand (aka PUMP) and profit from it (aka DUMP). 
If the value drops they lose money. If they can keep price steady or induce fomo and bring more money into the market, they profit. 
How do you know that?  On what assumptions is that based?  What is your evidence for that?  

Did you attach a pencil to your balls and let them sway over a piece of paper, thereby literally forming bollocks words for you?
Lol at you
You have such conviction in your own theory, that you state the potential scenario of your theory as fact ...though thousands of brilliant people all over the world have been wrong about the future of many issues. You're also so caught up in the weeds you are not seeing the rest of the field. 
An ETF provides a multitude of investors with an entry point into crypto that doesn't require technical savvy. It removes the risk and the worry of buying it, storing and securing it. The first step to Bitcoin growth, whether it be as an investment or as a currency, is removing the obstacle of technical confidence required to obtain it.
I've only invested modestly, but have been following this shit for years. The snowball effect of ETFs, and the statement of Bitcoin legitimacy it makes, could very easily ramp up the volume in a short time. All these details you are talk about in terms of how ETFs enable manipulation will be mute. The ability to manipulate diminishes with every increase in the number of players in the game.
Look at the whole playing board, not just the rules of one single square.
What's the best case?
Yes. You are agreeing to buy something or sell something for a fixed price at a future date.  Airlines do this with oil and farmers do this with crops to remove uncertainty.
Yeah but no one is really talking about leverage man..just was the basics of shorts
Have you read the Quaran and the Hadith?

They are bloody nonsensical, contradictory, violent and terrifying - about as far from a blockchain as you could imagine.
<3
Thats funny you say you need advice some one gives it to you and you say (but) that means you have your mind made up. Man up.
Just noticed this almost spells lambo if you unscramble it. Coincidence? I think not. 
bitcoin atleast 1million by 2021. and replacing fiat by 2025 completly. you can mark this post if you want
Fuck Bakersfield.
You haven't had your breakfast, have you?  Always makes me a little grumpy.
Not only 1/3 of the balance, but also 1/2?
They have been resolute supporters of bitcoin since it was $7 per coin and were publicly disclosing that they never sold since.   Some of you guys need to wake up. This technology is not going away. 
My balls are bullish, no need no pencil.

Anyone selling bitcoin will need a job soon. Lambos dont come free.
You cannot ignore the FACT that BTC is an unregulated market and that the prices are blatantly manipulated.  Until the regulators bring this under control, it is just giving manipulators another tool.  

Tell me what good does ETF, or for that matter, all these speculation tools like exchanges and futures do for BTC?  NOTHING.  

It just encourages speculation and if you take a good look at the larger picture, is KILLING BTC.

Understand this simple principle - Value is determined by the accepting party.  Right now, with little adoption by merchants, BTC is worth $0 on anywhere other than exchanges.  When it's widely adopted, that changes as goods and services are PRICED using BTC.  That's when BTC has real Value beyond exchanges and other trading platforms.


Best case begins with exchanges being regulated and price manipulation is brought down to acceptable level.  

The ETFs created must be cash based (not derivatives).  This will not only encourage new investors by easing investment but also capital flows back into BTC.  I.e. High volume of ETF purchases translate into high volume of BTC purchases by ETF managers.

This will then lay down the foundation for institutional investors to seriously consider putting in large amount of capital into BTC.
Yo, I understand.  But margin = leverage.  In essence, the full value is not covered.
Another similarity is that both religion and blockchain are disruptive technoogies. And it doesnt matter how nonsensical the content is. It actually shows that the protocol works even if the content is total garbage. 
Fine, whatever.

Let's get pass $7k first then we dream about mooning to $1m.
Yes.
Bakersfield checking in.... Why the hostility? Is it the homeless people? Illegals? Drunks? Or just the drug trafficking/ human trafficking in general????
Just took a shit after eating Mexican in my dinner. Glad I did that before going to bed.  
Why would they sell? They are rich as f*ck... They can handle their bitcoin investment as a very long-term one...
:)
Why would someone holding BTC be concerned about their job?  

I'm up 1000% *and* have a job.

What is your point?  And why the jibe at soldiers?
That sounds good to me.
To short something you have to be on margin. You are borrowing. You can pick a one-to-one ratio without leverage and it still requires margin interest because you're borrowing that Bitcoin to sell. That's slider at bitmex lets you pick whatever you want. 
i dont day trade, who cares shortterm, it can crash to 3k but still will be at 1million 2021
The low literacy and white supremacists.
The Bakersfield butcher😷
I am very regular, and have a shit and piss every morning at 7 AM.

Unfortunately I don't get up until 7.15.
How did that Mexican taste? Been meaning to try them. Heard they taste like chicken. 
They are sodlers. Not hodlers. 
Yes, non-leveraged Shorts.  Dude, I know we both understand this shit.  Was just trying to explain to original poster that taking a short position and using leverage are two different risks.
Haha.

That's the mantra of everyone who have lost money so far.

Sorry dude, am just not in the mood to encourage speculations based on this "$1m by 2021" BS.
Nice buzz word. You know there are literally 0 true KKK members in bakersfield california. But I'm sure the news station you watch would make you think otherwise. You can see the map of KKK members on the SPLC website. California is not a hot item on the list and overall the groups of all white nationalist are on the decline since about 2012..... At a rate of 10-20% a year... Unlike what the TV tells you. 
No worries. Diapers come in all sizes. 
Yes tastes like chicken
You wrote soldiers.


thats the mantra of a bull since 100$ m8
I said white supremacists not the KKK. You keep putting words into my mouth and I don't have TV just torrents.
Well, you would know.
Yeah please, keep up the spreading of irrelevancy
That's BS as most have cashed out.

And you are also a BS as the bulk of your posts are about short term price points but now preaching about 2021.  Hypocrite or BS - take your pick.
Writes the author of:

> So, where are all the smart people gone?


That's not what you find irrelevant, but offensive considering your imaginary audience lmao
Eh?
Oh yeah, alts excluded
Eh?
